title:MAGMI by dweeves - version:0.7.19a
startup:Running Magmi Product Import Engine v1.8.2 by dweeves
startup:Import Profile:default
startup:Import Mode:create
step:step:0.5%
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;pluginhello:CSV Datasource-1.3.1-Dweeves- 
plugin;EmailReportPlugin;pluginhello:Import Report Mail Notifier-1.0.0-Dweeves-http://wiki.magmi.org/index.php?title=Import_report_mail_notifier 
plugin;Magmi_ImportUrlPlugin;pluginhello:Magmi Import Url UI-1.0.3-Dweeves-http://wiki.magmi.org/index.php?title=Magmi_Import_Url_UI 
plugin;Magmi_OptimizerPlugin;pluginhello:Magmi Optimizer-1.0.5-Dweeves-http://wiki.magmi.org/index.php?title=Magmi_Optimizer 
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;pluginhello:Magmi Magento Reindexer-1.0.3a-Dweeves-http://wiki.magmi.org/index.php?title=Magmi_Magento_Reindexer 
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;startup:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - Using execution mode :popen
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;pluginhello:Image attributes processor-1.0.29-Dweeves-http://wiki.magmi.org/index.php?title=Image_attributes_processor 
plugin;ItemIndexer;pluginhello:On the fly indexer-0.1.6-Dweeves-http://wiki.magmi.org/index.php?title=On_the_fly_indexer 
plugin;CustomOptionsItemProcessor;pluginhello:Custom Options-0.0.7a-Pablo & Dweeves-http://wiki.magmi.org/index.php?title=Custom_Options 
plugin;ProductDeleter;pluginhello:Product Deleter-0.0.2-Dweeves-http://wiki.magmi.org/index.php?title=Product_Deleter 
plugin;GenericMapperProcessor;pluginhello:Generic mapper-0.0.6a-Dweeves-http://wiki.magmi.org/index.php?title=Generic_mapper 
plugin;GenericMapperProcessor;startup:Generic mapper v0.0.6a - No custom mapping found
plugin;Magmi_DefaultAttributeItemProcessor;pluginhello:Standard Attribute Import-1.0.6-Dweeves- 
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;startup:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - Importing CSV : /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/var/import/main_file_import.csv using separator [ | ] enclosing [ " ]
plugin;Magmi_OptimizerPlugin;info:Magmi Optimizer v1.0.5 - Optimizing magmi
plugin;Magmi_OptimizerPlugin;info:Magmi Optimizer v1.0.5 - Adding index MAGMI_EAOV_OPTIMIZATION_IDX on eav_attribute_option_value
plugin;Magmi_OptimizerPlugin;info:Magmi Optimizer v1.0.5 - Already optmized!
plugin;Magmi_OptimizerPlugin;info:Magmi Optimizer v1.0.5 - Adding index MAGMI_CPEM_OPTIMIZATION_IDX on catalog_product_entity_media_gallery
plugin;Magmi_OptimizerPlugin;info:Magmi Optimizer v1.0.5 - Already optmized!
plugin;Magmi_OptimizerPlugin;info:Magmi Optimizer v1.0.5 - Adding index MAGMI_CCEV_OPTIMIZATION_IDX on catalog_category_entity_varchar
plugin;Magmi_OptimizerPlugin;info:Magmi Optimizer v1.0.5 - Already optmized!
plugin;Magmi_OptimizerPlugin;info:Magmi Optimizer v1.0.5 - Adding index MAGMI_EA_CODE_OPTIMIZATION_IDX on eav_attribute
plugin;Magmi_OptimizerPlugin;info:Magmi Optimizer v1.0.5 - Already optmized!
startup:Performing Datasouce Lookup...
lookup:10002:1.5257198810577
startup:Found 10002 records, took 1.5257198810577 sec
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;startup:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - No BOM detected, assuming File is UTF8 without BOM...
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;startup:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - 48 CSV headers columns found
columns:48
plugin;Magmi_DefaultAttributeItemProcessor;startup:Standard Attribute Import v1.0.6 - Newly created items will have default values for columns:page_layout
startup:Ajusted processed columns:49
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51PgVfSs-sL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51PgVfSs-sL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51LIVOcPCOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51LIVOcPCOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/219n0G4wOcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/219n0G4wOcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uiLp4H-PL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uiLp4H-PL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/515kJpfW6AL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/515kJpfW6AL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jYN6p5heL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jYN6p5heL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315A%2BxyYJoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315A%2BxyYJoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51afkKXVZkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51afkKXVZkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312tQ%2BrL-uL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312tQ%2BrL-uL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51e9FsvaVGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51e9FsvaVGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Bc5dWdchL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Bc5dWdchL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pcU4PIb%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pcU4PIb%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51KFpM%2BUq7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51KFpM%2BUq7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Iu-XJMUVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Iu-XJMUVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41COyQbAeOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41COyQbAeOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cqOgUQUzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cqOgUQUzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ROu%2B2DG%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ROu%2B2DG%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rzdo2cqGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rzdo2cqGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410iN%2B7OxJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410iN%2B7OxJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Nk86so5xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Nk86so5xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RWh0NxNUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RWh0NxNUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FtB%2B%2BsRwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FtB%2B%2BsRwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41z6IQ2rVIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41z6IQ2rVIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zcyisZMyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zcyisZMyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/518%2BcFxZaDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/518%2BcFxZaDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51VUThub26L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51VUThub26L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fSkICQPTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fSkICQPTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41biZpB9cYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41biZpB9cYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3198P4kofwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3198P4kofwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Fao8SzXML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Fao8SzXML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31VuNg4NSAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31VuNg4NSAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YzmviXy4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YzmviXy4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5165x9udWsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5165x9udWsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wsXbWrhmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wsXbWrhmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Bj4uuiwmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Bj4uuiwmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tuvEgBahL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tuvEgBahL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414JKEMsaQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414JKEMsaQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51DoGDnEwvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51DoGDnEwvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31huKo7ZSiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31huKo7ZSiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wN7o-1c1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wN7o-1c1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Eci34woYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Eci34woYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XcYEKUukL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XcYEKUukL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41L%2Br0px7RL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41L%2Br0px7RL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51SuLzeX2NL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51SuLzeX2NL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ynJQAp7-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ynJQAp7-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ghmFxzQKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ghmFxzQKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:51 - 0.76514101028442 - 0.76514101028442
dbtime:1273 - 0.38978457450867 - 0.38978457450867 - 1273
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CtzorM8bL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CtzorM8bL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314jAQisWDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314jAQisWDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jHurgMT1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jHurgMT1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ArHYuyy3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ArHYuyy3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4135aGDex7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4135aGDex7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Mt9bRRg5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Mt9bRRg5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wCwWJMXXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wCwWJMXXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41odRPmn4qL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41odRPmn4qL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410TNRdmQlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410TNRdmQlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31B53Yd2c1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31B53Yd2c1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31C7DmHS6ZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31C7DmHS6ZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Q1pbo12yL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Q1pbo12yL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51GCX1SGHQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51GCX1SGHQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31uGE%2Bp7D0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31uGE%2Bp7D0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51FLnh%2BdtqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51FLnh%2BdtqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/518ZxwX%2BuVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/518ZxwX%2BuVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-Kc2I3i9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-Kc2I3i9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41K3rxSvE4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41K3rxSvE4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31H9cYmpdpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31H9cYmpdpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zu9BcDlpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zu9BcDlpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314LR0m7uBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314LR0m7uBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ibfqrU6aL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ibfqrU6aL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/513L180mP-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/513L180mP-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51YQnH%2BQPzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51YQnH%2BQPzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TqDir3anL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TqDir3anL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51L9%2BxyraDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51L9%2BxyraDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Uj6zAqZpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Uj6zAqZpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51vmMFWoydL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51vmMFWoydL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tutg45xsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tutg45xsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51o11a5NSHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51o11a5NSHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:102 - 1.5822341442108 - 0.81698107719421
dbtime:2800 - 0.80501794815063 - 0.41523337364197 - 1527
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BzeRmMKkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BzeRmMKkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41n08gkwQRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41n08gkwQRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51z4kjuLydL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51z4kjuLydL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41U4LqG6aiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41U4LqG6aiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dnPZR8x7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dnPZR8x7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410BMbOD6LL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410BMbOD6LL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51e9FsvaVGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51e9FsvaVGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31HD87C9BbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31HD87C9BbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51FnEj7H6xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51FnEj7H6xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zcyisZMyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zcyisZMyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51NQlcnXrsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51NQlcnXrsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ZOCx0X2vL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ZOCx0X2vL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315FQkdJyeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315FQkdJyeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317SeOkKCAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317SeOkKCAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41z6b--NsKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41z6b--NsKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51KFpM%2BUq7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51KFpM%2BUq7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/514-l1QgBbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/514-l1QgBbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51gFTZcfpIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51gFTZcfpIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51afkKXVZkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51afkKXVZkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51XB92e9wNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51XB92e9wNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411ST4DG-zL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411ST4DG-zL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51xmr8HXpGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51xmr8HXpGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fOmJKT9XL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fOmJKT9XL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BYVF0tnaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BYVF0tnaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QKIAX75sL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QKIAX75sL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/218w3HZKerL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/218w3HZKerL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51-EwaG3EgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51-EwaG3EgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51TmiltQ4IL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51TmiltQ4IL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21MyWavYerL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21MyWavYerL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sbgMooc8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sbgMooc8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WxwBxcY%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WxwBxcY%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21E9Gp1y9zL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21E9Gp1y9zL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51sNZEJT5-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51sNZEJT5-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hfX2t0lzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hfX2t0lzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Vpi%2BX1xLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Vpi%2BX1xLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-IIbZt%2BYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-IIbZt%2BYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fI%2Bi3FHKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fI%2Bi3FHKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NqOBENZzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NqOBENZzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JXG2Iq6rL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JXG2Iq6rL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Ze%2BJ7pvgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Ze%2BJ7pvgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51zrDSJinXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51zrDSJinXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31l%2Ba1WfrpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31l%2Ba1WfrpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51XGLAWcgGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51XGLAWcgGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:153 - 2.3408651351929 - 0.75854802131653
dbtime:4178 - 1.1936366558075 - 0.38861870765686 - 1378
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zOtqralKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zOtqralKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-HsXDBa7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-HsXDBa7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LJOa%2B4kDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LJOa%2B4kDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wPDWqd3JL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wPDWqd3JL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Ko3vmAgpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Ko3vmAgpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q7ZyBZU6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q7ZyBZU6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51a4ZNbqM4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51a4ZNbqM4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51a5fTfDDeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51a5fTfDDeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51cyxglL%2BsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51cyxglL%2BsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zcyisZMyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zcyisZMyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41F0kjiRwNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41F0kjiRwNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ORSAJReWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ORSAJReWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5160TVJFtxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5160TVJFtxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51przxnkjeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51przxnkjeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51uRC2ANh2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51uRC2ANh2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413nynVouRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413nynVouRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cSKVE-luL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cSKVE-luL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418a0OmLYOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418a0OmLYOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411UAQGL12L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411UAQGL12L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419bROJVikL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419bROJVikL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IORj%2BtTKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IORj%2BtTKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21H2%2Bho5BCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21H2%2Bho5BCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XnxNBYawL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XnxNBYawL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oFwiY1RsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oFwiY1RsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WukL89NBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WukL89NBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51M2sGe5Z2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51M2sGe5Z2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416LnjyBJ-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416LnjyBJ-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bm2oRbJuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bm2oRbJuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ggyppc89L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ggyppc89L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fI%2Bi3FHKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fI%2Bi3FHKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ALYJVIFzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ALYJVIFzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31557gK89kL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31557gK89kL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511ozvrepgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511ozvrepgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/515w9K7hnmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/515w9K7hnmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lxsesfhXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lxsesfhXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iPM5xIHLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iPM5xIHLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UQLwSPewL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UQLwSPewL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EwAm6nd0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EwAm6nd0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:204 - 3.0848519802094 - 0.74390983581543
dbtime:5521 - 1.5806543827057 - 0.38701772689819 - 1343
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/219NcWf-0RL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/219NcWf-0RL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JXG2Iq6rL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JXG2Iq6rL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ynJQAp7-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ynJQAp7-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41odRPmn4qL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41odRPmn4qL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51GCX1SGHQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51GCX1SGHQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31dkF0HFS2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31dkF0HFS2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316M%2Biz1loL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316M%2Biz1loL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51z-RGgw3BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51z-RGgw3BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511RWwszL6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511RWwszL6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4175VZRPX3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4175VZRPX3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XTBeoIGBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XTBeoIGBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AlhP%2Bhc1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AlhP%2Bhc1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41n6JF0huYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41n6JF0huYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51J-u5UunSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51J-u5UunSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VgUc8qyuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VgUc8qyuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21mGT9dmdcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21mGT9dmdcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11thmNlAoEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11thmNlAoEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Kg0NV03OL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Kg0NV03OL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vkwsmmhaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vkwsmmhaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31q%2BKbPgMSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31q%2BKbPgMSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Wz0UQXQeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Wz0UQXQeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51m%2B9HoGqdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51m%2B9HoGqdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mU7vRXHVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mU7vRXHVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ziXsWKpxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ziXsWKpxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IABpyT3vL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IABpyT3vL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qnG5SeHCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qnG5SeHCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Yp20ZrtwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Yp20ZrtwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410kfXa7DbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410kfXa7DbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31J3ZCHRFEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31J3ZCHRFEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ymgAEfZVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ymgAEfZVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51D228TA9FL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51D228TA9FL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HGJ5TBSFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HGJ5TBSFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310sWNKhzrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310sWNKhzrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31L5PIL60lL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31L5PIL60lL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51gFTZcfpIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51gFTZcfpIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31J3ZCHRFEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31J3ZCHRFEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410iN%2B7OxJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410iN%2B7OxJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RWh0NxNUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RWh0NxNUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Aqdm%2BVc5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Aqdm%2BVc5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51dxUJKn7zL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51dxUJKn7zL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ab9-nEjQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ab9-nEjQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HP2o2HP0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HP2o2HP0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zU6nKCXPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zU6nKCXPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41m1z37N%2BrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41m1z37N%2BrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312gmMmvnEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312gmMmvnEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qnEBbrEzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qnEBbrEzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Q2XuAGc0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Q2XuAGc0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4153KPtITJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4153KPtITJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DanK9mNDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DanK9mNDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41diMZVFhZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41diMZVFhZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411VRhG0jUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411VRhG0jUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:255 - 3.7986080646515 - 0.71364188194275
dbtime:6802 - 1.9528057575226 - 0.37215137481689 - 1281
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/218aA7pCJWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/218aA7pCJWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-empeJBdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-empeJBdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31eaWW2QzpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31eaWW2QzpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21xZpQTXkJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21xZpQTXkJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41a%2B7gMNyAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41a%2B7gMNyAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31eWRlN4BEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31eWRlN4BEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31AcJqmfmAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31AcJqmfmAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51DbzPEAD2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51DbzPEAD2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Bo7pytKAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Bo7pytKAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41N974ZHl6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41N974ZHl6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51FCWZDjo4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51FCWZDjo4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21YfJ3m2jeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21YfJ3m2jeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31U47c2gcgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31U47c2gcgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Q1vKq01VL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Q1vKq01VL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31x203rJg5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31x203rJg5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Vq3BYZLTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Vq3BYZLTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51XI3h1VRiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51XI3h1VRiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51J-u5UunSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51J-u5UunSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AbLa4w14L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AbLa4w14L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418HdaxF1KL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418HdaxF1KL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21dsXv30lPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21dsXv30lPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310SW99y3RL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310SW99y3RL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cBBm1PD0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cBBm1PD0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/515gzZuPcsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/515gzZuPcsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11LPJjWPneL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11LPJjWPneL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BM%2BGh2enL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BM%2BGh2enL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31F%2BHadG8IL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31F%2BHadG8IL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vm0wTXwSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vm0wTXwSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jMdloTMUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jMdloTMUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/514uSNW9fEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/514uSNW9fEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ROF79YhiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ROF79YhiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QZ4I5IFgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QZ4I5IFgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/217qGMBZ5YL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/217qGMBZ5YL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sUV65N3LL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sUV65N3LL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11Pe21eW5xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11Pe21eW5xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gN1lD8HaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gN1lD8HaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cDXKp8W3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cDXKp8W3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21hHFFwQQvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21hHFFwQQvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bSmj1hLTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bSmj1hLTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21epsmhdA%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21epsmhdA%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21Ef0Dw4TgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21Ef0Dw4TgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41s%2BoYsXM5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41s%2BoYsXM5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vgP6bSQ8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vgP6bSQ8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CWHgOHG-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CWHgOHG-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tsCRbwfjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tsCRbwfjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:306 - 4.5118820667267 - 0.71318697929382
dbtime:8092 - 2.3273975849152 - 0.37459182739258 - 1290
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31mtKhxLoxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31mtKhxLoxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cbsVev1lL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cbsVev1lL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ptHQk3NWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ptHQk3NWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HuJP84hIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HuJP84hIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4161oOkGHYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4161oOkGHYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21VUZ4vDICL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21VUZ4vDICL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51gXMUCzmUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51gXMUCzmUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412sBeJUALL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412sBeJUALL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31H9NaynjkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31H9NaynjkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31AAML7VIdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31AAML7VIdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21qP75LtfTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21qP75LtfTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21mMvPIVkWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21mMvPIVkWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21vmHwbq4PL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21vmHwbq4PL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vVBoIoYWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vVBoIoYWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4189RfLnjtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4189RfLnjtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51IztSdbt0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51IztSdbt0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wpBiIZQ9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wpBiIZQ9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413voi1U7HL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413voi1U7HL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21B-zuC5NEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21B-zuC5NEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410LLnZaA%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410LLnZaA%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ij5HxkDSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ij5HxkDSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11vjV3yVY9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11vjV3yVY9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3118ay827RL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3118ay827RL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21rTzZqJfSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21rTzZqJfSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31S04Jjr1NL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31S04Jjr1NL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-D8O8OfWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-D8O8OfWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/215eCso5awL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/215eCso5awL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21rTzZqJfSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21rTzZqJfSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lohD12OqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lohD12OqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:357 - 5.2266721725464 - 0.71467399597168
dbtime:9398 - 2.7087264060974 - 0.38132882118225 - 1306
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41APWMJj-LL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41APWMJj-LL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41m0ZvVswBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41m0ZvVswBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41o4LJ5oaqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41o4LJ5oaqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41unpfgIlZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41unpfgIlZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/515g2abIO%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/515g2abIO%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21YnH5OZ1HL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21YnH5OZ1HL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dLaIeoLlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dLaIeoLlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bHESr0TiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bHESr0TiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xrwure3jL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xrwure3jL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41h5epVtZCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41h5epVtZCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/211VeQOzWvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/211VeQOzWvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21Djcgi%2B-RL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21Djcgi%2B-RL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YfK12RrGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YfK12RrGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51J-7La-m3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51J-7La-m3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51TnVeE1w3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51TnVeE1w3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418ByCip%2BBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418ByCip%2BBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xPPQEgCEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xPPQEgCEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41r0Ls9oOqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41r0Ls9oOqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ROF79YhiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ROF79YhiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FgGClJwWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FgGClJwWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Fr9H6uQzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Fr9H6uQzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311J-%2BQ-wPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311J-%2BQ-wPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413r-BHgsuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413r-BHgsuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41l8EU%2BNVvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41l8EU%2BNVvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41owde6YbKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41owde6YbKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51h1TnblDwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51h1TnblDwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WNDrilV%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WNDrilV%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51kc3SLWNpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51kc3SLWNpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41l1lxAcyNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41l1lxAcyNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2B8lTeyneL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2B8lTeyneL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410CQQp0vrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410CQQp0vrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lWC3WXL-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lWC3WXL-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21dk5jh2rHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21dk5jh2rHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:408 - 5.867133140564 - 0.64038300514221
dbtime:10895 - 3.0365979671478 - 0.32787156105042 - 1497
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gcLc9CUnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gcLc9CUnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sc8YEUNAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sc8YEUNAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31eGXaeCPKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31eGXaeCPKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31O7WbWXxJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31O7WbWXxJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xrbaekGFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xrbaekGFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/516Hf1vipoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/516Hf1vipoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jUfu86EVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jUfu86EVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:459 - 6.597992181778 - 0.73078107833862
dbtime:12702 - 3.4146900177002 - 0.37809205055237 - 1807
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UBS53lF5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UBS53lF5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31nONnuoVfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31nONnuoVfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DY8C%2BnUFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DY8C%2BnUFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31btHOEAM-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31btHOEAM-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310OScqJuKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310OScqJuKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51d5NorZEpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51d5NorZEpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:510 - 7.4241771697998 - 0.82610607147217
dbtime:14526 - 3.8571381568909 - 0.44244813919067 - 1824
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51%2B7jsk1XOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51%2B7jsk1XOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318H10150SL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318H10150SL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QP2GZH86L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QP2GZH86L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:561 - 8.6898581981659 - 1.2655651569366
dbtime:16378 - 4.7066428661346 - 0.84950470924377 - 1852
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51IwMUeEYoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51IwMUeEYoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51wwCv1hw%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51wwCv1hw%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41K02XLGyeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41K02XLGyeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HZoqMwuoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HZoqMwuoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4104-ze2uCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4104-ze2uCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WNDrilV%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WNDrilV%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417CA6eGmiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417CA6eGmiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XBhY-3V7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XBhY-3V7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BSyHALySL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BSyHALySL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yOg4NMq7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yOg4NMq7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51NE9GnahML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51NE9GnahML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51TBu1XOvtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51TBu1XOvtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iqVa47vAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iqVa47vAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cPFPNUziL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cPFPNUziL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FnCpFejkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FnCpFejkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xF0SSiu9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xF0SSiu9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:612 - 9.6651871204376 - 0.9752471446991
dbtime:18074 - 5.284925699234 - 0.57828283309937 - 1696
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VVNNjsVmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VVNNjsVmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ecNgHz8SL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ecNgHz8SL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WOKQg4vwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WOKQg4vwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KwX1IxOeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KwX1IxOeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3154UWNvEbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3154UWNvEbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lS0nELq7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lS0nELq7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tidE6KSBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tidE6KSBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GPa9RCl2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GPa9RCl2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Jpn9yKAXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Jpn9yKAXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51PYhtU5jeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51PYhtU5jeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51O5-RGfNgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51O5-RGfNgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31d%2BV4vo%2BoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31d%2BV4vo%2BoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31M0dmsg0oL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31M0dmsg0oL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31f09IrCkEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31f09IrCkEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XHa8EleTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XHa8EleTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KEzAnKK7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KEzAnKK7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DiKSthszL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DiKSthszL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31b0hwc453L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31b0hwc453L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dwmOfkI9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dwmOfkI9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310qx%2BK9WLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310qx%2BK9WLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31k6vcSUcHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31k6vcSUcHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411PCi%2BzOkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411PCi%2BzOkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31y6NVJUOaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31y6NVJUOaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:663 - 10.552537202835 - 0.88723516464233
dbtime:19677 - 5.7506856918335 - 0.46575999259949 - 1603
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/214ASSET0RL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/214ASSET0RL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31AQc7h7n0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31AQc7h7n0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410K32SGpPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410K32SGpPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JtMUsgmyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JtMUsgmyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316tsIoE8LL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316tsIoE8LL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412bc8xJ9pL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412bc8xJ9pL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31n1%2B2VEwoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31n1%2B2VEwoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4176lYf5%2BDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4176lYf5%2BDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311k4O4avEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311k4O4avEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Cdro8SSeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Cdro8SSeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41e7AozZHIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41e7AozZHIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31eLh7pokHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31eLh7pokHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wfNFk06AL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wfNFk06AL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WNi0ZC5jL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WNi0ZC5jL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wUfFj7O9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wUfFj7O9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sX96SbksL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sX96SbksL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4160lfBFcaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4160lfBFcaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jFlsmCk8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jFlsmCk8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DGCzPCLRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DGCzPCLRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419Tlf1y5PL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419Tlf1y5PL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31enTrIf4dL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31enTrIf4dL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BvSVc5n9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BvSVc5n9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419WW%2B9pDPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419WW%2B9pDPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zwjn5Z4CL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zwjn5Z4CL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LM8MHW9PL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LM8MHW9PL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319JO9ACJoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319JO9ACJoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315AJDOseCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315AJDOseCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pLYiKyYML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pLYiKyYML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qUB5Hs21L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qUB5Hs21L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bS90gUg8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bS90gUg8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411zBrq%2BT4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411zBrq%2BT4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jsE8wAJ6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jsE8wAJ6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310k5XkEFbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310k5XkEFbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31L7evugT3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31L7evugT3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3184-PGTTOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3184-PGTTOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Z6xmYQxrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Z6xmYQxrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/2198TcRFyDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/2198TcRFyDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41blTejBVyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41blTejBVyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tnfKSr-7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tnfKSr-7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hF44qzy6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hF44qzy6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41E7ly1UNEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41E7ly1UNEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/116AWDPYREL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/116AWDPYREL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OYuB3oRDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OYuB3oRDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316tbocMAqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316tbocMAqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31U6U6WRmcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31U6U6WRmcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31aGW2vRLRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31aGW2vRLRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51S6zgUViOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51S6zgUViOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jvbN%2BJu9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jvbN%2BJu9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Nx1t0jFmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Nx1t0jFmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:714 - 11.259832143784 - 0.70716214179993
dbtime:20962 - 6.1189589500427 - 0.36827325820923 - 1285
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xAdNhziVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xAdNhziVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rNumJU1gL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rNumJU1gL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jc1uMGPTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jc1uMGPTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KXu9WJknL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KXu9WJknL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kQr4%2BwVdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kQr4%2BwVdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2Buu%2BepfcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2Buu%2BepfcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318MMFbu6jL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318MMFbu6jL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WgeNzGGkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WgeNzGGkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31AF5Vd37EL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31AF5Vd37EL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FZeEXXsbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FZeEXXsbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hcMfYriwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hcMfYriwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NsfE%2BCGcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NsfE%2BCGcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311UePx4dGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311UePx4dGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31t74jcL2SL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31t74jcL2SL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Jg14cxT3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Jg14cxT3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vFp30-vfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vFp30-vfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rgqrQNC8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rgqrQNC8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FRaSta-7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FRaSta-7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Hr6OcMtyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Hr6OcMtyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bTg66DJHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bTg66DJHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pWg0ZE-zL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pWg0ZE-zL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31lJnhXdazL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31lJnhXdazL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WaC3fz33L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WaC3fz33L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Q5kc8BSAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Q5kc8BSAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31sg%2BBjgwyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31sg%2BBjgwyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31lT20yiqJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31lT20yiqJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xcfBjPQRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xcfBjPQRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2B0UHzzOpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2B0UHzzOpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41C2nz036NL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41C2nz036NL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EwJhirmRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EwJhirmRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LRy6CPB6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LRy6CPB6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jS4ReweYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jS4ReweYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mSKo6plGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mSKo6plGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3179g8WR%2BVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3179g8WR%2BVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41btKatRsBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41btKatRsBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Zlgfmug8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Zlgfmug8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hdAo5C8kL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hdAo5C8kL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Qy54q2-rL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Qy54q2-rL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318CvTOvl4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318CvTOvl4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410FTKiZ%2BSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410FTKiZ%2BSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hOJaJGTuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hOJaJGTuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21DHCTxRXIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21DHCTxRXIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qsnRt0P1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qsnRt0P1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31b%2BUE-47HL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31b%2BUE-47HL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VhqvM1hSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VhqvM1hSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gORkKJH6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gORkKJH6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:765 - 11.996191978455 - 0.73628091812134
dbtime:22245 - 6.508617401123 - 0.38965845108032 - 1283
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21LplnVAJkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21LplnVAJkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41N9zBqvz%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41N9zBqvz%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312bHKAqMXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312bHKAqMXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TnoEWuVgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TnoEWuVgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51sjid0KrIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51sjid0KrIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51KxpuhezdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51KxpuhezdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51SYlrU4pFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51SYlrU4pFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hOrJAWxOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hOrJAWxOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51l79nQR0vL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51l79nQR0vL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HaD6nbKDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HaD6nbKDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lFFeb3pqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lFFeb3pqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/517boJHpm6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/517boJHpm6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21oR8o6CvCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21oR8o6CvCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21HIMO6wBtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21HIMO6wBtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21PHnlu4HaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21PHnlu4HaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31PCfS9bVoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31PCfS9bVoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414Gs8HoN6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414Gs8HoN6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QErtAJTnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QErtAJTnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414KSAiQ6SL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414KSAiQ6SL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-UIJtr3vL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-UIJtr3vL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41epgbensfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41epgbensfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yE%2BFnVOCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yE%2BFnVOCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21%2B--iJBdNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21%2B--iJBdNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jf0rWFSRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jf0rWFSRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jsotOSXRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jsotOSXRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51uwABK-5dL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51uwABK-5dL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sa8yCVOhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sa8yCVOhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51O4gsAXjTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51O4gsAXjTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gcyc3S-UL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gcyc3S-UL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SMWaI0sQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SMWaI0sQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-%2BrxFbIgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-%2BrxFbIgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/516y9IQWLCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/516y9IQWLCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nzqvgVbWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nzqvgVbWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41t05DYtLXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41t05DYtLXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XQsGArBuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XQsGArBuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hDotRLiaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hDotRLiaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51PVu0QLZvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51PVu0QLZvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51yW%2BzvMzqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51yW%2BzvMzqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31UmEtBULyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31UmEtBULyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41khOwAKEGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41khOwAKEGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31GNIqNV49L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31GNIqNV49L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MvEgB4dDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MvEgB4dDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31u6NscF3%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31u6NscF3%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rSZQlcO1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rSZQlcO1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31UNhdyyVQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31UNhdyyVQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21u9TO0IklL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21u9TO0IklL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51cb4EOwscL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51cb4EOwscL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51d5iU%2BHq4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51d5iU%2BHq4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Q-fztr8DL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Q-fztr8DL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51JH5FY2QJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51JH5FY2QJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:816 - 12.733879089355 - 0.73757195472717
dbtime:23536 - 6.8998613357544 - 0.39124393463135 - 1291
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YNu1xi8HL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YNu1xi8HL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LojYUtj1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LojYUtj1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rq8U0dISL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rq8U0dISL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31X-AfHuFqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31X-AfHuFqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RwWMfqtfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RwWMfqtfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nxua8TlKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nxua8TlKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vRq3zHfWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vRq3zHfWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51%2B5fMCJZbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51%2B5fMCJZbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ZgYR1DxfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ZgYR1DxfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QFE%2BUL4-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QFE%2BUL4-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iCTLWIdsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iCTLWIdsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31mdrpdLewL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31mdrpdLewL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21B3DtEEcwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21B3DtEEcwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XNzcTIexL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XNzcTIexL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/210YM4VLCOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/210YM4VLCOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21IhcrBmKKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21IhcrBmKKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SCeMeWXxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SCeMeWXxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31OwIT61-mL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31OwIT61-mL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hDotRLiaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hDotRLiaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21HIMO6wBtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21HIMO6wBtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SYeZ4s0eL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SYeZ4s0eL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31UapG3b7RL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31UapG3b7RL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31olp%2BWAZNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31olp%2BWAZNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Hzz5-o3OL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Hzz5-o3OL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21nRTUpG0sL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21nRTUpG0sL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EF1mGw41L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EF1mGw41L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21H9lwRIu0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21H9lwRIu0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vatyE%2BbbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vatyE%2BbbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pIXB78TOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pIXB78TOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kGk2FRSuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kGk2FRSuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-5RqJFUaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-5RqJFUaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419%2BY73sO%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419%2BY73sO%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lMYDXjkZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lMYDXjkZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lEswV8yIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lEswV8yIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311DrXPVsVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311DrXPVsVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pWg0ZE-zL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pWg0ZE-zL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DCuVgBvxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DCuVgBvxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JmwU8fh9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JmwU8fh9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41crLHNPdgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41crLHNPdgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41o59mQ5wxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41o59mQ5wxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51U-UXdm85L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51U-UXdm85L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wVRZchlsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wVRZchlsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NNH6MlIoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NNH6MlIoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xmxRz7XDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xmxRz7XDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QYLYy3C9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QYLYy3C9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41x0HkJNwwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41x0HkJNwwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Cb6pG4k7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Cb6pG4k7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lu1JcpTbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lu1JcpTbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/215wvjMeAqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/215wvjMeAqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:867 - 13.471897125244 - 0.73794198036194
dbtime:24843 - 7.2899451255798 - 0.39008378982544 - 1307
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416IydHuGEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416IydHuGEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31HK%2Bn31UFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31HK%2Bn31UFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316avE7otdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316avE7otdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414DlOY8IGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414DlOY8IGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31G07kjd8LL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31G07kjd8LL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51O04ROQgpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51O04ROQgpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rKyX6sY1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rKyX6sY1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/117-MAqm3dL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/117-MAqm3dL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Spnz3wbFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Spnz3wbFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310khfpPe5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310khfpPe5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RmMLakR%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RmMLakR%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TDufrA3TL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TDufrA3TL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51UL968LwoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51UL968LwoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jHlLP9R2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jHlLP9R2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VfUDvRiFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VfUDvRiFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CHqt-OBhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CHqt-OBhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31i12MbN60L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31i12MbN60L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318XYJkzNkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318XYJkzNkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/517i9HBjoDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/517i9HBjoDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41l2RGAKrPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41l2RGAKrPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-FGq7EnGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-FGq7EnGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zYRMx9FBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zYRMx9FBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UzpIxEP7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UzpIxEP7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41n5wotGaeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41n5wotGaeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/510EWPSSlgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/510EWPSSlgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bTUg-DvmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bTUg-DvmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IjrK50BzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IjrK50BzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Qy54q2-rL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Qy54q2-rL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410FTKiZ%2BSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410FTKiZ%2BSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3159POpoVrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3159POpoVrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ofKKbx9mL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ofKKbx9mL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41de9plJAnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41de9plJAnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31svXbcMvbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31svXbcMvbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bZmRk5f-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bZmRk5f-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hOJaJGTuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hOJaJGTuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AXHkJpmbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AXHkJpmbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iYte0m48L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iYte0m48L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NV4JQsFwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NV4JQsFwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31GWhcGNReL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31GWhcGNReL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CxK0IQCnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CxK0IQCnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PWnYYUF3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PWnYYUF3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XEaVfb5oL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XEaVfb5oL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/217oNk0ZEQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/217oNk0ZEQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417WzNW4hhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417WzNW4hhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Ti5jHOWOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Ti5jHOWOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rfAQTVmnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rfAQTVmnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FsWLFYTOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FsWLFYTOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EUBFfe44L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EUBFfe44L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31t6JD6WKrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31t6JD6WKrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Lmy0%2ByASL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Lmy0%2ByASL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Lkc6aN1RL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Lkc6aN1RL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:918 - 14.190445184708 - 0.7184681892395
dbtime:26131 - 7.6633982658386 - 0.37345314025879 - 1288
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LywHgYXcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LywHgYXcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31E6ibpmgiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31E6ibpmgiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SQ%2BGEHRyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SQ%2BGEHRyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4156bgdfnWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4156bgdfnWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41y6LBxuYUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41y6LBxuYUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MEeXxHzML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MEeXxHzML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MhzOkl0xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MhzOkl0xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31W5LCW0yBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31W5LCW0yBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419%2BT73WYDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419%2BT73WYDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RhKB8r8QL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RhKB8r8QL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LUnZTeaJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LUnZTeaJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rlezKZIGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rlezKZIGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NeXEhiISL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NeXEhiISL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314g3K4QwGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314g3K4QwGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31X6hJdCvZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31X6hJdCvZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PXk-7%2BD9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PXk-7%2BD9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31mDQsyl9cL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31mDQsyl9cL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4119jA0FyzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4119jA0FyzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21CGjaWYP7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21CGjaWYP7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4197CJyspHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4197CJyspHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/214RJjiEXVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/214RJjiEXVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wyOmXUQvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wyOmXUQvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316nLM43blL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316nLM43blL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413mZboC8gL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413mZboC8gL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zs0jc1FCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zs0jc1FCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kcMsJT3pL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kcMsJT3pL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AARDeXIyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AARDeXIyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41itUaJW4cL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41itUaJW4cL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31q9CAnZB8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31q9CAnZB8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41naaRwldQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41naaRwldQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IxWzHBnEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IxWzHBnEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41agk47GVJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41agk47GVJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21G5bzZMU2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21G5bzZMU2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310vOD3eqwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310vOD3eqwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414I2utYCEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414I2utYCEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31y2Dj62uqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31y2Dj62uqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31A2lQKcvIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31A2lQKcvIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21RJchRntLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21RJchRntLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312Or-5TcML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312Or-5TcML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bRyjZVuPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bRyjZVuPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Ylo8SQXJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Ylo8SQXJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MFeIX%2B4SL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MFeIX%2B4SL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MjFzp6ZrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MjFzp6ZrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21XtEnfZUtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21XtEnfZUtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21jgDPZWDdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21jgDPZWDdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jcIsMavVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jcIsMavVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MMLJyJr3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MMLJyJr3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EHVqrKzyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EHVqrKzyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QRZT1Tx7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QRZT1Tx7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31n3cWPSl6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31n3cWPSl6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fF4lIS4%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fF4lIS4%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:969 - 14.954480171204 - 0.76395511627197
dbtime:27406 - 8.0469670295715 - 0.38356876373291 - 1275
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Je%2BzBNEtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Je%2BzBNEtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PtHGOJLOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PtHGOJLOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21RrmrvWH4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21RrmrvWH4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31AL1u1LxoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31AL1u1LxoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31OeJFVaUnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31OeJFVaUnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CQ9HPpbUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CQ9HPpbUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LYzre4kzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LYzre4kzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JOFDZEI-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JOFDZEI-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21tvyJy-qhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21tvyJy-qhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qhj8QKJSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qhj8QKJSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nHHyVsdmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nHHyVsdmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kd5iYucQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kd5iYucQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31GPy1ZNmzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31GPy1ZNmzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417lpximzvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417lpximzvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416ufKZfYyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416ufKZfYyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31j3D9ucxiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31j3D9ucxiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Eka0eO36L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Eka0eO36L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VWJSzvoqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VWJSzvoqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31u2SL8YFvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31u2SL8YFvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31lmAwAhzzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31lmAwAhzzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511fDYdToML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511fDYdToML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AFFl7%2BkTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AFFl7%2BkTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uI7KfIGxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uI7KfIGxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LpaQSmjLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LpaQSmjLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QmYwCKGPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QmYwCKGPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/518no8aFFtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/518no8aFFtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZS0Bv6xwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZS0Bv6xwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LRTHD2nlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LRTHD2nlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31VuhZwycJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31VuhZwycJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41r6gQ4WOAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41r6gQ4WOAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZD9FnJHaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZD9FnJHaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51WG36jqRTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51WG36jqRTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kgF9cj44L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kgF9cj44L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/513ZUAN95DL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/513ZUAN95DL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416hfeG8iUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416hfeG8iUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31S1rd-SDQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31S1rd-SDQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Qoe2O7wIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Qoe2O7wIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51NlL0irz%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51NlL0irz%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41U122urFLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41U122urFLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21s7YVubJ6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21s7YVubJ6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dVzB0Mb4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dVzB0Mb4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315kFrcnk8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315kFrcnk8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Tz-HG%2BHRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Tz-HG%2BHRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NTHQIaZjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NTHQIaZjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41D6kGmm5wL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41D6kGmm5wL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NkgXxUqaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NkgXxUqaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31YANmiP33L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31YANmiP33L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ccwH9Uf3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ccwH9Uf3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21RPqffvkML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21RPqffvkML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31mEPMwnB%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31mEPMwnB%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lwvxjPQWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lwvxjPQWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:1020 - 15.724769115448 - 0.77020812034607
dbtime:28683 - 8.4472348690033 - 0.40026783943176 - 1277
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51E4fq0CUWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51E4fq0CUWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Vl3PtKwaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Vl3PtKwaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21uDxqsECfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21uDxqsECfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wC1zQ6hiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wC1zQ6hiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OdWaHSyGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OdWaHSyGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51SPo1mRK7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51SPo1mRK7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CPQ0IXnQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CPQ0IXnQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3136Erte7CL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3136Erte7CL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51qPzAhAU1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51qPzAhAU1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Hj4oEO-7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Hj4oEO-7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pjrFQeVpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pjrFQeVpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QokGQMZML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QokGQMZML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21YTL4BWO2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21YTL4BWO2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11hhzbt-lyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11hhzbt-lyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PHkv2jXZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PHkv2jXZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-ztTXt67L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-ztTXt67L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31BZ7tJjQJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31BZ7tJjQJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416JrbTcV4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416JrbTcV4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VjxjE6fbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VjxjE6fbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SAKNnSsyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SAKNnSsyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lC8Sj1mrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lC8Sj1mrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51yKSeQGQnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51yKSeQGQnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415ZwC1HiQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415ZwC1HiQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2Blc9w7WrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2Blc9w7WrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/212MCTgX9WL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/212MCTgX9WL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dcMCLbopL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dcMCLbopL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21WBt7dSkhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21WBt7dSkhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ld9Sx-5pL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ld9Sx-5pL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kZIm45w1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kZIm45w1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cHJF5xjiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cHJF5xjiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hhovwxmBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hhovwxmBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/216GhWgtphL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/216GhWgtphL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cd0Zf9QjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cd0Zf9QjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pPk0wshhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pPk0wshhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51d2pVGwsQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51d2pVGwsQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31J8Tny6geL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31J8Tny6geL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41A65awKPFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41A65awKPFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AWEpxjK3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AWEpxjK3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vlKT1wdrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vlKT1wdrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Y6Uw7RqCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Y6Uw7RqCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Z2EqRZf1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Z2EqRZf1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21bAVzzfvNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21bAVzzfvNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Tbh-VkEcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Tbh-VkEcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Qa6qLITAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Qa6qLITAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21YS6DVWDgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21YS6DVWDgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419iaLUusUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419iaLUusUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uQU-0AkvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uQU-0AkvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MLh0CvepL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MLh0CvepL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:1071 - 16.495197057724 - 0.77034687995911
dbtime:29986 - 8.8454582691193 - 0.39822340011597 - 1303
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XAMJ7IyAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XAMJ7IyAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31PP-GQzBRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31PP-GQzBRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41icTyV9%2BlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41icTyV9%2BlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41D4J40J3UL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41D4J40J3UL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51l30WP-7zL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51l30WP-7zL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11sIDn17s0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11sIDn17s0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31lK4N1u7eL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31lK4N1u7eL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/213yyEm%2BbbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/213yyEm%2BbbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317criLOoyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317criLOoyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ub2z78mmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ub2z78mmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LQoaXbNrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LQoaXbNrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31OzHgrpDNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31OzHgrpDNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JO3FdSy9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JO3FdSy9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rfid84sSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rfid84sSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51WyzNEQu-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51WyzNEQu-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iuhbIuboL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iuhbIuboL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BfczUxUiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BfczUxUiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31edZ2C408L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31edZ2C408L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31frrF2kOcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31frrF2kOcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417XCcCBdsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417XCcCBdsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZvvQFYZxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZvvQFYZxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sgm-sAMOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sgm-sAMOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tWJFBwKDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tWJFBwKDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HaD6nbKDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HaD6nbKDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/514wBFNxuAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/514wBFNxuAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317mqDXG5OL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317mqDXG5OL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kXKJhjKKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kXKJhjKKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tTnxrNjUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tTnxrNjUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/213yyEm%2BbbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/213yyEm%2BbbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AkoYvX35L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AkoYvX35L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21eZthUPSmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21eZthUPSmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JCq7LehOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JCq7LehOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21AhR4Mg16L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21AhR4Mg16L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Vt5nylSAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Vt5nylSAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41n53WePloL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41n53WePloL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31PGE8Sww1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31PGE8Sww1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RP-OKLtcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RP-OKLtcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bUFUJUEIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bUFUJUEIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nqheUfOGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nqheUfOGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ASrCrH53L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ASrCrH53L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Eb%2BAtXPeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Eb%2BAtXPeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/514-VheE1nL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/514-VheE1nL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/112m%2BxcZhXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/112m%2BxcZhXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41z%2Bdjiz6yL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41z%2Bdjiz6yL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cdwKCHE6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cdwKCHE6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418urbY-RFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418urbY-RFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tA3FtcYeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tA3FtcYeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cocAseuaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cocAseuaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OEVl7DiWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OEVl7DiWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511TzJRKFsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511TzJRKFsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BVopWvxkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BVopWvxkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:1122 - 17.475584983826 - 0.98021483421326
dbtime:31262 - 9.4371638298035 - 0.5917055606842 - 1276
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316YUH2scRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316YUH2scRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411wHdgTMCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411wHdgTMCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11wAajPqVQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11wAajPqVQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41k5kUF0RwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41k5kUF0RwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51MBfUtuIHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51MBfUtuIHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313sOll6LvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313sOll6LvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Xabn7d6HL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Xabn7d6HL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VFvmNbUDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VFvmNbUDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31s%2BUNkI6kL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31s%2BUNkI6kL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417aA%2BEFkZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417aA%2BEFkZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xvBrTrKZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xvBrTrKZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XO9Lh2EjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XO9Lh2EjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41j%2BXko1Z6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41j%2BXko1Z6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31uLhHsgReL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31uLhHsgReL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51USkMdU7FL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51USkMdU7FL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11VzC%2BL8l6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11VzC%2BL8l6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vs6xJSy4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vs6xJSy4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21cF1ikeT4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21cF1ikeT4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416cBDyXguL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416cBDyXguL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414GuwcFejL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414GuwcFejL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OWtvIepBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OWtvIepBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vV0-ZqREL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vV0-ZqREL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/114umgBa6dL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/114umgBa6dL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31h4FWS-4lL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31h4FWS-4lL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11k7%2BY2FGJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11k7%2BY2FGJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21sQXF2Bh%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21sQXF2Bh%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jHlLP9R2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jHlLP9R2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kNNw1dp%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kNNw1dp%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dmKIw8YcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dmKIw8YcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41V2bt8AD2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41V2bt8AD2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FU38UVZRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FU38UVZRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QDAOpX50L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QDAOpX50L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317ElgD7bsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317ElgD7bsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Xyg2WxbiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Xyg2WxbiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wVRZchlsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wVRZchlsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ehc-9ka-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ehc-9ka-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Zrqxqn69L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Zrqxqn69L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3168WLWLMSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3168WLWLMSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21CTb6hCYZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21CTb6hCYZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RfbV9T7GL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RfbV9T7GL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31i3bQBsPIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31i3bQBsPIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BLWh2qX2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BLWh2qX2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qs05hyP5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qs05hyP5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31p3qpq-peL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31p3qpq-peL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319nc7ZMFnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319nc7ZMFnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51YxLYm2r6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51YxLYm2r6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Zg-A0q9vL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Zg-A0q9vL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31A6aBevvIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31A6aBevvIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31VZcPpq02L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31VZcPpq02L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:1173 - 18.383829116821 - 0.90812492370605
dbtime:32556 - 9.9609756469727 - 0.52381181716919 - 1294
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31R7%2BsFcesL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31R7%2BsFcesL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xvlucPMsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xvlucPMsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RDLUrHbiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RDLUrHbiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Vig5ND8mL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Vig5ND8mL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KPj81dp2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KPj81dp2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OOFVFBY1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OOFVFBY1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vKlk-gAJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vKlk-gAJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kLEy6j9QL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kLEy6j9QL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/210deFE6r0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/210deFE6r0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21COFcLvCKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21COFcLvCKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SRMA27PxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SRMA27PxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418su5mCzBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418su5mCzBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rSSiuJQNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rSSiuJQNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21cFFxdl4PL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21cFFxdl4PL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vVTbK5-VL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vVTbK5-VL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Si37Cy-IL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Si37Cy-IL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EFn9ExcBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EFn9ExcBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TKH0hTVtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TKH0hTVtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41M2MuZWA8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41M2MuZWA8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31sXZDCvgvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31sXZDCvgvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317ElgD7bsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317ElgD7bsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tbEgVcxCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tbEgVcxCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qNXZ80RHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qNXZ80RHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oV1bhL5qL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oV1bhL5qL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/212hcH4UdfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/212hcH4UdfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TsET3Y0LL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TsET3Y0LL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413lNRaZKrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413lNRaZKrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31e1mSab3SL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31e1mSab3SL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31YAnnnTtwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31YAnnnTtwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FYSvYRgTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FYSvYRgTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QcbMn1irL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QcbMn1irL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TYhLz2bTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TYhLz2bTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31clDmJVlcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31clDmJVlcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31lcxsCncEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31lcxsCncEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gyN6FP54L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gyN6FP54L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21q120wwXML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21q120wwXML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jEZC2h2qL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jEZC2h2qL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21wFh0PZlsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21wFh0PZlsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21V50kcZg8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21V50kcZg8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41D5rI1dO1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41D5rI1dO1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Qc3eTjFwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Qc3eTjFwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-FoirOPdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-FoirOPdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3118jkmsAoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3118jkmsAoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21xBINIGh9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21xBINIGh9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:1224 - 19.144134044647 - 0.76022291183472
dbtime:33908 - 10.346411705017 - 0.38543605804443 - 1352
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Jiw1sRMHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Jiw1sRMHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31T2iJ4-zaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31T2iJ4-zaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JXCEEcZ0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JXCEEcZ0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31OORJZyMgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31OORJZyMgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wt04H02jL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wt04H02jL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gYWQzLHkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gYWQzLHkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31E9VvW-NWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31E9VvW-NWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41O%2B1DLQzcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41O%2B1DLQzcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lJkMvUVaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lJkMvUVaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31acl8a9BfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31acl8a9BfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31F%2BAebPzmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31F%2BAebPzmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419YsKMXH8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419YsKMXH8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41W76RS-nzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41W76RS-nzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41y54SWkGHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41y54SWkGHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419h4QPxC7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419h4QPxC7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41X1mVfoQJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41X1mVfoQJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iGweGzXlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iGweGzXlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QS6gee7VL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QS6gee7VL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312XD8G-LKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312XD8G-LKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31PQERVArgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31PQERVArgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21cADWBWaPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21cADWBWaPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/218NwtBJD7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/218NwtBJD7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LSFeLOivL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LSFeLOivL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LHDAhoyFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LHDAhoyFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fYz0qLqYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fYz0qLqYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zP2uzl85L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zP2uzl85L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Rm-ciZX0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Rm-ciZX0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51sW0pVsZ1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51sW0pVsZ1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GdzmY3G4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GdzmY3G4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21zxZ5CFODL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21zxZ5CFODL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OtAwUEabL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OtAwUEabL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iIcfwkyoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iIcfwkyoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jhHCKfPSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jhHCKfPSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51k%2B6lyZxLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51k%2B6lyZxLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MHZqexddL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MHZqexddL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41b44C8pLPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41b44C8pLPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5179LpOWAoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5179LpOWAoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51NOD0bXQBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51NOD0bXQBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51aQLjlV6dL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51aQLjlV6dL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414giK8-9oL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414giK8-9oL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41u59CmNG3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41u59CmNG3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/512rMNNXjvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/512rMNNXjvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xjyAmeHJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xjyAmeHJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MC-wdSWNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MC-wdSWNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415ivPnt3pL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415ivPnt3pL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fJppV1EKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fJppV1EKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51nm30BapeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51nm30BapeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11lyST-eBFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11lyST-eBFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kfzXSIgOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kfzXSIgOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:1275 - 19.840945005417 - 0.69672703742981
dbtime:35186 - 10.698463201523 - 0.35205149650574 - 1278
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tDuIjF50L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tDuIjF50L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EVMWY7PUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EVMWY7PUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51eqBqf7dfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51eqBqf7dfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31AJOFOR18L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31AJOFOR18L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51NH5mEGHAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51NH5mEGHAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415mKqdPIZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415mKqdPIZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Vyw0bqbWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Vyw0bqbWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tney7m42L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tney7m42L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21N-Pf9hQxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21N-Pf9hQxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417Zh8YGjLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417Zh8YGjLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Z378YIQQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Z378YIQQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313z9e5m39L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313z9e5m39L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41quRCEVO4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41quRCEVO4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21-Lej8iOHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21-Lej8iOHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41g3FwDydSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41g3FwDydSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fDVqKdMpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fDVqKdMpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SzmivcJ%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SzmivcJ%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51T8E6YHp%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51T8E6YHp%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41voUaZXA7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41voUaZXA7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31G7XYr12HL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31G7XYr12HL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51%2BgW8bl2IL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51%2BgW8bl2IL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Eni2dbBLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Eni2dbBLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ziLVNwQiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ziLVNwQiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xjyAmeHJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xjyAmeHJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-MI4GzsWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-MI4GzsWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51zBM1nzVyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51zBM1nzVyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31j79Y%2BBUFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31j79Y%2BBUFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21OFHjlChDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21OFHjlChDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VX4BfBnSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VX4BfBnSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310%2BZV0u-6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310%2BZV0u-6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jqQ24I9XL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jqQ24I9XL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61yT0mGNZIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61yT0mGNZIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51h1TnblDwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51h1TnblDwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51kc3SLWNpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51kc3SLWNpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21dk5jh2rHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21dk5jh2rHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qXmREEbiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qXmREEbiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IqW72VURL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IqW72VURL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vG9pKGXDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vG9pKGXDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411zHA0MnRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411zHA0MnRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xV-Kq%2BJPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xV-Kq%2BJPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TtACJKaGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TtACJKaGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QZUu4mCCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QZUu4mCCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51t8hdc8GPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51t8hdc8GPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KjAEJkeiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KjAEJkeiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dShlRy8eL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dShlRy8eL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cmjmY2dYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cmjmY2dYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:1326 - 20.569818973541 - 0.72879600524902
dbtime:36524 - 11.052017211914 - 0.35355401039124 - 1338
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OU7jI81FL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OU7jI81FL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51%2B3sC4shoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51%2B3sC4shoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mz-FR0NIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mz-FR0NIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51pDwOteeaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51pDwOteeaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RKgJNyFlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RKgJNyFlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61XIrLvNpqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61XIrLvNpqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Otu%2Bc6KQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Otu%2Bc6KQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31m36bk9c3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31m36bk9c3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nEm-gw7fL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nEm-gw7fL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511xZRp-dyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511xZRp-dyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51IaCAavKvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51IaCAavKvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51BTm4%2BP1DL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51BTm4%2BP1DL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jq7Sjc0yL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jq7Sjc0yL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51egXfL20WL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51egXfL20WL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4143RMcBOsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4143RMcBOsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51X4db70DfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51X4db70DfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411Jh51ssFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411Jh51ssFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51VpG3OF0uL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51VpG3OF0uL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bCR7RYWwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bCR7RYWwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11PaFgfjNiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11PaFgfjNiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FOOUlWewL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FOOUlWewL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oWZ-mSpsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oWZ-mSpsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ISGwhq5oL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ISGwhq5oL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rJdQ52s4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rJdQ52s4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51kY7KR8XtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51kY7KR8XtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21niX3gmSOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21niX3gmSOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51wsnDfJgOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51wsnDfJgOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FLXpV%2BjBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FLXpV%2BjBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rLvIRxPtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rLvIRxPtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31q4eoXHSqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31q4eoXHSqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51CtXBwuGGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51CtXBwuGGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31t8CwYUr1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31t8CwYUr1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sCGi7JWiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sCGi7JWiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SjeORIhlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SjeORIhlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11uZsaN68dL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11uZsaN68dL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RxWQT5odL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RxWQT5odL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318BTBLHisL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318BTBLHisL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51IX9nHeAVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51IX9nHeAVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41L5PgzMDgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41L5PgzMDgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51aoYfdJLXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51aoYfdJLXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21paadrX-4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21paadrX-4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411TkcNoJGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411TkcNoJGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2Bh0xpX13L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2Bh0xpX13L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21D5n5y-I8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21D5n5y-I8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cjKt5piNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cjKt5piNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21eR0rR7O4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21eR0rR7O4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31nw02cMVBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31nw02cMVBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Wwr1sACHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Wwr1sACHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51q4Xk7tSKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51q4Xk7tSKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41r2xPuqysL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41r2xPuqysL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51GyRrd2jiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51GyRrd2jiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:1377 - 21.196988105774 - 0.62708902359009
dbtime:37801 - 11.355785369873 - 0.30376815795898 - 1277
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51BtDywvGmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51BtDywvGmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-KpgEYP5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-KpgEYP5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51FnhfMNPBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51FnhfMNPBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51iA6Hm-96L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51iA6Hm-96L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41r0f2ei2QL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41r0f2ei2QL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kIFF5%2BY1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kIFF5%2BY1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31GZIV70z9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31GZIV70z9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ESL6IM2mL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ESL6IM2mL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KDuD2Z7CL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KDuD2Z7CL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419QNApCzgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419QNApCzgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MrVgOq5EL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MrVgOq5EL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31nNykchzEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31nNykchzEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Eyq-T5zrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Eyq-T5zrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51McFKPBrdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51McFKPBrdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BRjsxmFvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BRjsxmFvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51PkGwq9z4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51PkGwq9z4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21x-rDO1e0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21x-rDO1e0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41N%2Bkpfp9tL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41N%2Bkpfp9tL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IG5m0wzFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IG5m0wzFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61KvQHsiQDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61KvQHsiQDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ZZtNdGmSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ZZtNdGmSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51x4Fgc4alL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51x4Fgc4alL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ReyI0G3qL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ReyI0G3qL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51SYSsWd3cL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51SYSsWd3cL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41F4lmyhIUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41F4lmyhIUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51TwrZMGfSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51TwrZMGfSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WivB4JRyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WivB4JRyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/517-gVKKlLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/517-gVKKlLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rDvsJEemL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rDvsJEemL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Jnd0f1HkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Jnd0f1HkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21DWpgKH56L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21DWpgKH56L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qV41tjB6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qV41tjB6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51bc6H7wn-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51bc6H7wn-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41j-CDa3dzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41j-CDa3dzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51vrEdwNazL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51vrEdwNazL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ONj02eiIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ONj02eiIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31A6CtfmHQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31A6CtfmHQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SdcnRwyRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SdcnRwyRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WRed3pdtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WRed3pdtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41R6jr5vclL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41R6jr5vclL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LGnNMWNkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LGnNMWNkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WqmM7Y9YL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WqmM7Y9YL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kJ1kTqN3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kJ1kTqN3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11iHS9LKoyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11iHS9LKoyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vNQVe5yLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vNQVe5yLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LHhn8VNfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LHhn8VNfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EpUNU8QZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EpUNU8QZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:1428 - 22.048930168152 - 0.85182809829712
dbtime:39081 - 11.829085111618 - 0.473299741745 - 1280
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31PSLaCpCBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31PSLaCpCBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11TkkliAfaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11TkkliAfaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11irQQztZ1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11irQQztZ1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31c0FUKtudL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31c0FUKtudL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418gJjcTyiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418gJjcTyiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SmnkHm3oL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SmnkHm3oL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WO5-gL2HL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WO5-gL2HL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51bqRnGSMXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51bqRnGSMXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51DYui8dheL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51DYui8dheL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TEglQV3AL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TEglQV3AL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31PriuawbHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31PriuawbHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mMpsEmjYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mMpsEmjYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51mzyA7M24L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51mzyA7M24L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31R%2B4KEb9sL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31R%2B4KEb9sL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318ILjgbWvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318ILjgbWvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415O127en-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415O127en-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EDs7dKj%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EDs7dKj%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eKHoj699L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eKHoj699L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rFcU0TPmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rFcU0TPmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21dI%2B8QUV8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21dI%2B8QUV8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LzDlLS8nL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LzDlLS8nL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31uy7Bqe7pL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31uy7Bqe7pL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21mBs%2BX9b0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21mBs%2BX9b0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kXO7oqPML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kXO7oqPML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IiTGmIixL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IiTGmIixL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319gcVcSMPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319gcVcSMPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IT4OHP5zL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IT4OHP5zL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21dfKJyH-WL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21dfKJyH-WL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xALmwwbYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xALmwwbYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31coxlCHNPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31coxlCHNPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51DYL0aaHIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51DYL0aaHIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31t4JrcASYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31t4JrcASYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Yg5csqutL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Yg5csqutL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mQQwehe1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mQQwehe1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WQ-VCEuNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WQ-VCEuNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Ko0owxJdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Ko0owxJdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413QxTqCKUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413QxTqCKUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21BwS25ZG1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21BwS25ZG1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XaU474qOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XaU474qOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BV9ZQ5aCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BV9ZQ5aCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KBFhPyIwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KBFhPyIwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wXaFEiJuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wXaFEiJuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jTTgpAM3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jTTgpAM3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Bm1QEAl5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Bm1QEAl5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TCgbvvGyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TCgbvvGyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IZgh3uwtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IZgh3uwtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Y8P8E2KAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Y8P8E2KAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zpA6E41VL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zpA6E41VL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21uKqIJkMGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21uKqIJkMGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410TWy2EI6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410TWy2EI6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:1479 - 22.840965986252 - 0.79195380210876
dbtime:40368 - 12.24352812767 - 0.41444301605225 - 1287
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TgtVhI%2BjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TgtVhI%2BjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/1197lznNn5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/1197lznNn5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ANNFKz-9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ANNFKz-9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BxSLW7j2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BxSLW7j2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XosC1tIzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XosC1tIzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gzDmgoxGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gzDmgoxGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EyoE%2BvbHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EyoE%2BvbHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21k54sTjdKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21k54sTjdKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kBFU5N7uL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kBFU5N7uL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31PK8wH%2B9ML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31PK8wH%2B9ML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11Fb%2Bz7E5yL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11Fb%2Bz7E5yL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PGeJmkDRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PGeJmkDRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-1SAxspTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-1SAxspTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31N-zkrnsqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31N-zkrnsqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31emtkYu3aL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31emtkYu3aL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bUjR8DlxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bUjR8DlxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lPk0xCsjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lPk0xCsjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31579m-9ejL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31579m-9ejL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zOIFYTIIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zOIFYTIIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CkzKKL%2BCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CkzKKL%2BCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fqAoOg2VL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fqAoOg2VL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Kmh91H7aL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Kmh91H7aL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SUUL8v5SL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SUUL8v5SL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11q1ybvPHgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11q1ybvPHgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TPxh4N0NL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TPxh4N0NL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31INm0EK19L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31INm0EK19L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RiM9Ro-xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RiM9Ro-xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vtMppcNYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vtMppcNYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317SvAveCPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317SvAveCPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vt6pYoThL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vt6pYoThL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31N743YgXkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31N743YgXkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41naDTQsg2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41naDTQsg2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lloDHiIyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lloDHiIyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319F6xJ3luL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319F6xJ3luL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CB9mR3-cL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CB9mR3-cL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31OwDWxAy3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31OwDWxAy3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31z647o57jL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31z647o57jL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31y9OMjEAWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31y9OMjEAWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vu45G146L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vu45G146L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418ATGPtmaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418ATGPtmaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NwFFy7EuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NwFFy7EuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313%2Bk3nsc9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313%2Bk3nsc9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vqi1OIOdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vqi1OIOdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EWDUB4yUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EWDUB4yUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21t9PefcnnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21t9PefcnnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51tSQgQlKDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51tSQgQlKDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Gc0Ypm9vL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Gc0Ypm9vL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Ee2wsUuRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Ee2wsUuRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 1530 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
itime:1530 - 23.608606100082 - 0.76755905151367
dbtime:41668 - 12.644335985184 - 0.40080785751343 - 1300
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FYEeBSoJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FYEeBSoJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313fxYAD2sL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313fxYAD2sL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414UQKDxrvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414UQKDxrvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cPsgBl8NL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cPsgBl8NL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IfmjOWLmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IfmjOWLmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314oV2RrZNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314oV2RrZNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31cqjPrvu0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31cqjPrvu0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21wXjtX2qJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21wXjtX2qJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315A%2BxyYJoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315A%2BxyYJoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Vs-o3sNqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Vs-o3sNqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/512-WnYAXIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/512-WnYAXIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314fud%2BqHKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314fud%2BqHKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51LW6rl4%2BiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51LW6rl4%2BiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31uHFsafrIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31uHFsafrIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SWyZMBluL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SWyZMBluL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61Ve91zClBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61Ve91zClBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61jryb3uLaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61jryb3uLaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 1549 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31keUNKO2mL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31keUNKO2mL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/512Cx4eh0dL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/512Cx4eh0dL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MEeXxHzML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MEeXxHzML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ab9-nEjQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ab9-nEjQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/515LYCIlRIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/515LYCIlRIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31X9TEGA5fL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31X9TEGA5fL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 1557 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BT058%2BY-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BT058%2BY-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31l6iyMsVUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31l6iyMsVUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314g3K4QwGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314g3K4QwGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21cig8uimhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21cig8uimhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61muy8UihzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61muy8UihzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SyZvbRu2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SyZvbRu2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3188h-gp8ZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3188h-gp8ZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413zZNQtYAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413zZNQtYAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IGZilo1ML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IGZilo1ML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41V9HYFC6RL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41V9HYFC6RL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51WkCjtZW2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51WkCjtZW2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ZCn7Mmk0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ZCn7Mmk0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31yfkE375XL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31yfkE375XL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XbRBeynwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XbRBeynwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FKEVTYoVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FKEVTYoVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51fqlEtHQrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51fqlEtHQrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417MluvxZfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417MluvxZfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vNhipmcFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vNhipmcFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51fWjUKF2HL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51fWjUKF2HL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TPIumuzcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TPIumuzcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41u5bh7c9EL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41u5bh7c9EL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41My057dPKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41My057dPKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XVwIdlCdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XVwIdlCdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DikOUjWqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DikOUjWqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31dOW16OlFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31dOW16OlFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416BGNzEFCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416BGNzEFCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:1581 - 24.395251989365 - 0.78652381896973
dbtime:42955 - 13.019160270691 - 0.3748242855072 - 1287
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31h4S69xixL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31h4S69xixL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61SQ2lcUKDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61SQ2lcUKDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RF9YUN62L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RF9YUN62L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31lu1tLLOTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31lu1tLLOTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51hLDVCFvQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51hLDVCFvQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31nIzx8Bg-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31nIzx8Bg-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ivOXA1hNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ivOXA1hNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51XMREcyr5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51XMREcyr5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/610ZXQE7APL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/610ZXQE7APL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51dCfg78FTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51dCfg78FTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Cr14AWCIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Cr14AWCIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mrlhsYPWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mrlhsYPWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41siD2gprsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41siD2gprsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bPEsGAaqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bPEsGAaqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zJROFtGuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zJROFtGuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417LeMaLRwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417LeMaLRwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51sEM3t29PL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51sEM3t29PL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21ifwXZsenL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21ifwXZsenL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RY1Jv2QgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RY1Jv2QgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51nfnTiJJ5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51nfnTiJJ5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MEMAAVZiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MEMAAVZiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PnIlWaeoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PnIlWaeoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dLeLkYtJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dLeLkYtJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Uh0xFBYEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Uh0xFBYEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uoUurn9sL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uoUurn9sL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51sZHg3T%2BPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51sZHg3T%2BPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yO3GU4VxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yO3GU4VxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51H4NB29INL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51H4NB29INL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/6144bi1BegL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/6144bi1BegL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-AA6BhGVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-AA6BhGVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51dTJ93CK9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51dTJ93CK9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wj7zR5%2BiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wj7zR5%2BiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51P0nXEle8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51P0nXEle8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jR-XrMRXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jR-XrMRXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51eqMQol98L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51eqMQol98L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5112KX1QLPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5112KX1QLPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/513FSG5mzWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/513FSG5mzWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oy3mTsWGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oy3mTsWGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ze30y2QGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ze30y2QGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31k9f14768L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31k9f14768L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310U1EoZNqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310U1EoZNqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51OYHlpqszL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51OYHlpqszL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZfeASm2SL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZfeASm2SL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51zZZk55MOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51zZZk55MOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QWl%2B46%2BjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QWl%2B46%2BjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:1632 - 25.152599096298 - 0.7572660446167
dbtime:44248 - 13.393599271774 - 0.37443900108337 - 1293
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61XwirgDJXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61XwirgDJXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/6159bZkyZFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/6159bZkyZFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ALYJVIFzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ALYJVIFzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LDTiilolL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LDTiilolL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419SwybSagL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419SwybSagL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21E9Gp1y9zL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21E9Gp1y9zL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51j7vDta8zL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51j7vDta8zL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51GxsP-LyeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51GxsP-LyeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51qMEnCinXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51qMEnCinXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Q3MoagxqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Q3MoagxqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312YLweoj2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312YLweoj2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11UPKOP1kTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11UPKOP1kTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51W1fC1azhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51W1fC1azhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/618XhBJyhQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/618XhBJyhQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ZW7iljxRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ZW7iljxRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51glVuwjlfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51glVuwjlfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/219NcWf-0RL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/219NcWf-0RL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419giQXalNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419giQXalNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41blPb%2BT%2BlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41blPb%2BT%2BlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bRbeveSmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bRbeveSmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417NjwDgh4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417NjwDgh4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QwIXkgI3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QwIXkgI3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51o%2B0EyAyJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51o%2B0EyAyJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31HDQ0TsurL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31HDQ0TsurL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rRqNgI7QL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rRqNgI7QL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZuNN6wjmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZuNN6wjmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414jwdjxQ-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414jwdjxQ-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NCusRKSdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NCusRKSdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EHZ2W8UfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EHZ2W8UfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TPOJqkG8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TPOJqkG8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YvhLL1xtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YvhLL1xtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319BJoAff%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319BJoAff%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11Fvli3c-CL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11Fvli3c-CL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BfczUxUiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BfczUxUiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Bq9bWugcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Bq9bWugcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11zo4t8%2BcXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11zo4t8%2BcXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PhibYYATL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PhibYYATL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/2173Fxx2HnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/2173Fxx2HnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31uYmglKUZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31uYmglKUZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31U99VL3E7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31U99VL3E7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Y8%2Bzqp9rL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Y8%2Bzqp9rL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51FokledBnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51FokledBnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312vLKb5HhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312vLKb5HhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310NXpeBqBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310NXpeBqBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31b%2Bkbk0XyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31b%2Bkbk0XyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31GJIs43B7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31GJIs43B7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:1683 - 26.004214048386 - 0.85151100158691
dbtime:45548 - 13.858486890793 - 0.46488761901855 - 1300
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315wfVzZZ%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315wfVzZZ%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WXAXzQZzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WXAXzQZzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QxMpPUQVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QxMpPUQVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ntaP-eYaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ntaP-eYaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Glku3FuqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Glku3FuqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qQx5kFZQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qQx5kFZQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21B1iVoOyXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21B1iVoOyXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11KxoXfZUUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11KxoXfZUUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31PQUKiE6oL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31PQUKiE6oL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hDotRLiaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hDotRLiaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bdShS-4TL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bdShS-4TL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uoSCyAkvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uoSCyAkvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51BNWU9gGYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51BNWU9gGYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bi4FwTChL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bi4FwTChL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:1734 - 26.947261095047 - 0.94296312332153
dbtime:47278 - 14.38641500473 - 0.52792811393738 - 1730
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31AMfovGmRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31AMfovGmRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51PF6C7Bq3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51PF6C7Bq3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AanQY6xKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AanQY6xKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21ukcP7LNVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21ukcP7LNVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ya70hyEyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ya70hyEyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31eS%2BLUuDsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31eS%2BLUuDsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NVgCzCUrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NVgCzCUrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51hpwfKKcSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51hpwfKKcSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VZlVs8agL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VZlVs8agL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51KZmqF1T1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51KZmqF1T1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41frlRnIRmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41frlRnIRmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bLG%2BL7n3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bLG%2BL7n3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41REPucZO1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41REPucZO1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XOSPQacOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XOSPQacOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XdtSYov1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XdtSYov1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TlD2BqdxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TlD2BqdxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417QiO4vYQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417QiO4vYQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XOSPQacOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XOSPQacOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21KnVWyqlEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21KnVWyqlEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/510L0mrkgWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/510L0mrkgWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yXIE5THdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yXIE5THdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4101unRBoFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4101unRBoFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HFyQ9%2BarL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HFyQ9%2BarL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Av2juKIrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Av2juKIrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UNVMYvaKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UNVMYvaKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VGT5KS2ML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VGT5KS2ML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XOLcKvmqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XOLcKvmqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KIpkvZHqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KIpkvZHqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 1772 , wrong column number : 57 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41G0NU2pD1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41G0NU2pD1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EWevTEaqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EWevTEaqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31p9JDSz0BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31p9JDSz0BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iUE5cuOUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iUE5cuOUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EyjhxWfxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EyjhxWfxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31cJZdMlStL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31cJZdMlStL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FVz9m1a9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FVz9m1a9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41I5QPM4nsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41I5QPM4nsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AanQY6xKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AanQY6xKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BA6e9tgDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BA6e9tgDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WIo3WwI4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WIo3WwI4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:1785 - 27.791881084442 - 0.84449911117554
dbtime:48686 - 14.807719945908 - 0.42130494117737 - 1408
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417mZ0xRFnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417mZ0xRFnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qAzKl%2BZpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qAzKl%2BZpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-hgj6UKWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-hgj6UKWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RGCA%2BivPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RGCA%2BivPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FVZfxG7oL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FVZfxG7oL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4115CUM08dL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4115CUM08dL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vJsOw0uAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vJsOw0uAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41651m2TjVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41651m2TjVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51xsiFBN-WL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51xsiFBN-WL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415%2B7uFF7jL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415%2B7uFF7jL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FDYjEc2yL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FDYjEc2yL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vOOyzq5lL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vOOyzq5lL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IF6gxmcqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IF6gxmcqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BH-LnR-6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BH-LnR-6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wvdukspUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wvdukspUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51-LLXkL0fL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51-LLXkL0fL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311JDU0vQdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311JDU0vQdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wx90B4C8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wx90B4C8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/217zVcTsDnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/217zVcTsDnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/512nvv9FmeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/512nvv9FmeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31J%2BeaUEXWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31J%2BeaUEXWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31N8WG6FNAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31N8WG6FNAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31aGPVAPJmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31aGPVAPJmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wrQsZhufL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wrQsZhufL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Xtv8rde6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Xtv8rde6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51s0RBcg2PL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51s0RBcg2PL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317N1rZ-cML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317N1rZ-cML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31w%2Bn-MSUuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31w%2Bn-MSUuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51sEpd5%2BceL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51sEpd5%2BceL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31BUxvm4rUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31BUxvm4rUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KCZrKP06L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KCZrKP06L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31dS0-dtx-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31dS0-dtx-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51xsiFBN-WL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51xsiFBN-WL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZjdGB55nL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZjdGB55nL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51fmWhaKmIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51fmWhaKmIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51IGZwbSG5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51IGZwbSG5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51gSlHlp9VL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51gSlHlp9VL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eUTqGvDpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eUTqGvDpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31j7UZLRLrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31j7UZLRLrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31VkBsAO7TL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31VkBsAO7TL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410WBREF71L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410WBREF71L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51gy9VdYCeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51gy9VdYCeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TJIrDBLwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TJIrDBLwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51j%2Bo%2BRnEjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51j%2Bo%2BRnEjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:1836 - 28.541491985321 - 0.74952983856201
dbtime:50033 - 15.180752515793 - 0.37303256988525 - 1347
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21S0LJ6TMBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21S0LJ6TMBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Jw9s4sXHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Jw9s4sXHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3138G43yc9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3138G43yc9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41T8EzgY0ZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41T8EzgY0ZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412MAebp8PL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412MAebp8PL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41F4AYSuMrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41F4AYSuMrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rGo6VlJDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rGo6VlJDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413nfx6nSGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413nfx6nSGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JZDgO169L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JZDgO169L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mQxqX1YwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mQxqX1YwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51JumSF-fvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51JumSF-fvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Mo48cW8%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Mo48cW8%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419qs-SunuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419qs-SunuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51T63ay9U3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51T63ay9U3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Iosh1TztL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Iosh1TztL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51KWtM1fnJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51KWtM1fnJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-E-TphkJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-E-TphkJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qFrS3revL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qFrS3revL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QfZVjIsrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QfZVjIsrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51iUW5S1%2B8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51iUW5S1%2B8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CYhWEQoNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CYhWEQoNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MJ1L75TcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MJ1L75TcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vwENw%2Bk%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vwENw%2Bk%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417wolQU1xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417wolQU1xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21pQdZfeZVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21pQdZfeZVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41623hrdm-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41623hrdm-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KH5OfHdnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KH5OfHdnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41li1jZKZXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41li1jZKZXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AFvC0tqZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AFvC0tqZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gpAQH3FBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gpAQH3FBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WR5M1%2B9cL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WR5M1%2B9cL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51FlBHZj7JL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51FlBHZj7JL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/515NP33v7jL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/515NP33v7jL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tyXmQvfWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tyXmQvfWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:1887 - 29.342935085297 - 0.80136203765869
dbtime:51428 - 15.58358001709 - 0.402827501297 - 1395
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/515xfK8GSpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/515xfK8GSpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mAobw2Z%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mAobw2Z%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511KIWxOizL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511KIWxOizL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SW9cl3PdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SW9cl3PdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314jDMB2PIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314jDMB2PIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41V7njMODXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41V7njMODXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kPdiMcjCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kPdiMcjCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61GzqzpY5ZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61GzqzpY5ZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gYNsfHNbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gYNsfHNbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61Se-tLq5dL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61Se-tLq5dL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11RH3RE9FRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11RH3RE9FRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ID%2B3ZGidL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ID%2B3ZGidL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WKL52AbtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WKL52AbtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Nh5aMz9cL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Nh5aMz9cL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418HwMcmaVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418HwMcmaVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zjjDcqgvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zjjDcqgvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51yA64n1bxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51yA64n1bxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ctDENN2ML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ctDENN2ML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OuPC6mbgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OuPC6mbgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51JumSF-fvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51JumSF-fvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jUfu86EVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jUfu86EVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51GCBI1q3ZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51GCBI1q3ZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51OfHnhciXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51OfHnhciXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Gv---9StL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Gv---9StL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LpqQlBsUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LpqQlBsUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410tYsOaNhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410tYsOaNhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41i4bAD4f7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41i4bAD4f7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vZ-WPIiIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vZ-WPIiIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TJIrDBLwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TJIrDBLwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51YIctFNzFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51YIctFNzFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ztrGhKb5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ztrGhKb5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZeiXKEbTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZeiXKEbTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:1938 - 30.1797311306 - 0.83671498298645
dbtime:52872 - 16.005581140518 - 0.42200112342834 - 1444
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51gYUX%2B1UlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51gYUX%2B1UlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zhwyhuZdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zhwyhuZdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fEoHskywL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fEoHskywL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ghprRAiIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ghprRAiIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ffwmdrUtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ffwmdrUtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/516oSMEpBmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/516oSMEpBmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21ukcP7LNVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21ukcP7LNVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LmTzHV9dL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LmTzHV9dL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KIpkvZHqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KIpkvZHqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31g4DTKe6IL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31g4DTKe6IL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417mZ0xRFnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417mZ0xRFnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RGCA%2BivPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RGCA%2BivPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51M8GZE8y6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51M8GZE8y6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BHWTFG6GL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BHWTFG6GL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412OuRhrNhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412OuRhrNhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KUKg72ayL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KUKg72ayL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31t3QQkCKJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31t3QQkCKJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21GBlz4iJhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21GBlz4iJhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UIc%2Buo-PL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UIc%2Buo-PL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kp5mXSgXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kp5mXSgXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51lK6xqMiDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51lK6xqMiDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MAREcvpRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MAREcvpRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51X-0Qjx%2ByL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51X-0Qjx%2ByL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zICI9kRjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zICI9kRjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51VDtgc%2B-yL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51VDtgc%2B-yL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3188YOdHjuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3188YOdHjuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LW0D9sU-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LW0D9sU-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wrCxwV3KL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wrCxwV3KL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FRBId57pL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FRBId57pL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31J9ieEm9aL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31J9ieEm9aL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:1989 - 31.046369075775 - 0.86651110649109
dbtime:54399 - 16.442146778107 - 0.4365656375885 - 1527
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bqPL4DkDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bqPL4DkDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51T30u51BLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51T30u51BLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51KcbF1aojL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51KcbF1aojL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lWUXGME-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lWUXGME-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51gT-kNOsKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51gT-kNOsKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21JBwxIHgqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21JBwxIHgqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41r5Hxk6BuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41r5Hxk6BuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51lqGIRrigL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51lqGIRrigL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417Bri1yh7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417Bri1yh7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51sB59e0OTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51sB59e0OTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ckk6ctDEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ckk6ctDEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41n%2BAJ88XzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41n%2BAJ88XzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SaTlxBsGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SaTlxBsGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316kAB95mwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316kAB95mwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316Qw7opuDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316Qw7opuDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MVtby%2BtkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MVtby%2BtkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317ZTp2qkQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317ZTp2qkQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xj2g81FJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xj2g81FJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JnnYFi55L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JnnYFi55L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2Bq1nTX1xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2Bq1nTX1xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/516Ld1NZVIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/516Ld1NZVIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EI4N1XzmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EI4N1XzmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gI0ycOttL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gI0ycOttL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MUheTqdvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MUheTqdvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2B5eiEMqVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2B5eiEMqVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ncD81-rYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ncD81-rYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21LagsaO4iL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21LagsaO4iL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xGORQTeFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xGORQTeFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51HmeySYifL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51HmeySYifL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51NxV-QQL-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51NxV-QQL-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FNgw%2BeKgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FNgw%2BeKgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SOV%2ByYSmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SOV%2ByYSmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ZopRhq17L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ZopRhq17L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-NLBkVq6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-NLBkVq6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Y-1My%2BUqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Y-1My%2BUqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PY83XD8EL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PY83XD8EL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51V9EX4886L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51V9EX4886L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:2040 - 31.912686109543 - 0.86623597145081
dbtime:55846 - 16.904928445816 - 0.46278166770935 - 1447
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tx7Xops5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tx7Xops5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-hdBvFMYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-hdBvFMYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sZa56D1GL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sZa56D1GL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51TBu1XOvtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51TBu1XOvtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ob-4h0XjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ob-4h0XjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iqVa47vAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iqVa47vAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Hg0djLO7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Hg0djLO7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417F1ZkhvFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417F1ZkhvFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-85zqif%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-85zqif%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416ULyeqgiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416ULyeqgiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ROsrELGfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ROsrELGfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316JtgSrVWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316JtgSrVWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31PfnYKspgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31PfnYKspgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41a8hDWITUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41a8hDWITUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BgntHmeKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BgntHmeKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Edv%2BkY%2BiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Edv%2BkY%2BiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/2189xNgU2ZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/2189xNgU2ZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BlJkZXGrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BlJkZXGrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21e6YNf5NHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21e6YNf5NHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rVwwja-lL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rVwwja-lL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51eZ6dRrGuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51eZ6dRrGuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51R3psWK4FL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51R3psWK4FL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vcTgOb38L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vcTgOb38L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/514XLNVmyDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/514XLNVmyDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411JhO26kWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411JhO26kWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XanDPxtrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XanDPxtrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31evt8gy9WL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31evt8gy9WL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51FWS3AT1SL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51FWS3AT1SL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31A8S4APHML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31A8S4APHML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WOKQg4vwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WOKQg4vwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sWtE2Y%2BeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sWtE2Y%2BeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41t1q6bHB8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41t1q6bHB8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11kBiP5Th7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11kBiP5Th7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Alu6qGJaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Alu6qGJaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31p-ovG4dxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31p-ovG4dxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31e1CtPB7jL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31e1CtPB7jL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iFRab1cZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iFRab1cZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41X%2B1L9cYgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41X%2B1L9cYgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51nMyqoTHqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51nMyqoTHqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4104l%2ByvFcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4104l%2ByvFcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EYV4fwdLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EYV4fwdLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51yKJX%2ByzYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51yKJX%2ByzYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31HmEwZKTfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31HmEwZKTfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EglgRLA3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EglgRLA3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MYhMwJPOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MYhMwJPOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41a%2BxTVaFXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41a%2BxTVaFXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:2091 - 32.636793136597 - 0.72402596473694
dbtime:57197 - 17.268004655838 - 0.36307621002197 - 1351
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uRhbdKXxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uRhbdKXxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Oaj2jvLwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Oaj2jvLwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Jpn9yKAXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Jpn9yKAXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31upaJunz2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31upaJunz2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XwU6KrulL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XwU6KrulL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3178KlhP1QL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3178KlhP1QL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31e%2BKA8D9EL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31e%2BKA8D9EL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Dc2O5QioL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Dc2O5QioL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11TJtsg-9wL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11TJtsg-9wL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/512T8OXvn9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/512T8OXvn9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Epejc2cYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Epejc2cYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/214e3HKyXFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/214e3HKyXFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2B3prk3AcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2B3prk3AcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21cj2Yh4enL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21cj2Yh4enL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51hHUncYHZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51hHUncYHZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41v-juxGREL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41v-juxGREL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31J3yw7Dr9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31J3yw7Dr9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Ws%2BTYerQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Ws%2BTYerQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413CiGTTsaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413CiGTTsaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21cJ-vst8oL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21cJ-vst8oL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4126EX4J7TL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4126EX4J7TL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313oVPzPgZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313oVPzPgZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21scZfcbh%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21scZfcbh%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ApaHgNGrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ApaHgNGrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21z3VfeUZNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21z3VfeUZNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411JAGQH15L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411JAGQH15L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41M1-JBJMlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41M1-JBJMlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21j%2Bh0Ci-dL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21j%2Bh0Ci-dL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3142B90UqFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3142B90UqFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311qb72yfJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311qb72yfJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31A6iNCbGYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31A6iNCbGYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Vwoc4AnSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Vwoc4AnSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OaY0cal0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OaY0cal0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GJW56F58L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GJW56F58L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416yYahBwHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416yYahBwHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AHCaTG0FL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AHCaTG0FL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uXAvYcsLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uXAvYcsLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WYVTXV50L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WYVTXV50L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51xDF8Lfm7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51xDF8Lfm7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:2142 - 33.428593158722 - 0.79168510437012
dbtime:58615 - 17.67109131813 - 0.40308666229248 - 1418
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EGmcRXccL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EGmcRXccL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21v8k2UfESL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21v8k2UfESL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fmIbglpSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fmIbglpSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HDYMzjYuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HDYMzjYuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4140C-J8fLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4140C-J8fLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pc0R-L6EL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pc0R-L6EL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JWK4BHVYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JWK4BHVYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yoqEDN-nL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yoqEDN-nL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wIAqAeYoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wIAqAeYoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AS51R1XRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AS51R1XRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Tl-KCB4KL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Tl-KCB4KL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41H7JgvDyEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41H7JgvDyEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TWXB4bU5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TWXB4bU5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FIq0-Se6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FIq0-Se6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41V72XY6VGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41V72XY6VGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51mJ9uR-uWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51mJ9uR-uWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IqabHEplL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IqabHEplL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312hf8vnoAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312hf8vnoAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BxJ9oaUQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BxJ9oaUQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YfK12RrGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YfK12RrGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Kvuvbp8nL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Kvuvbp8nL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41o2ila6bEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41o2ila6bEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mu-sWtlnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mu-sWtlnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51J-7La-m3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51J-7La-m3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51TnVeE1w3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51TnVeE1w3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21-1g%2BWCMAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21-1g%2BWCMAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31UNVV3ePPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31UNVV3ePPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NA70CDG1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NA70CDG1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/518FWNA95KL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/518FWNA95KL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21aMfnF9scL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21aMfnF9scL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZGSziiYfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZGSziiYfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417azOZDzDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417azOZDzDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Op313jdwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Op313jdwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XZcQvwBqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XZcQvwBqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51fv1KDFa4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51fv1KDFa4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21EVEXft6EL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21EVEXft6EL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 2182 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31J0KadJZ7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31J0KadJZ7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 2184 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31aH%2BO9eQPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31aH%2BO9eQPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oRO%2BC6rWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oRO%2BC6rWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZluntDc%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZluntDc%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OinwINlaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OinwINlaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315ItAyP-ML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315ItAyP-ML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51SECg7%2B3tL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51SECg7%2B3tL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51GI7z0FGvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51GI7z0FGvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51RmfxBHldL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51RmfxBHldL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 2193 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41d%2BPb6KtBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41d%2BPb6KtBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41svw5axg3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41svw5axg3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419bUJTNU9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419bUJTNU9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411uex3Ah%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411uex3Ah%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31na60qTDvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31na60qTDvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/518s--mURjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/518s--mURjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:2193 - 34.219603061676 - 0.79091596603394
dbtime:59894 - 18.017405986786 - 0.3463146686554 - 1279
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51aDY-GL%2BHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51aDY-GL%2BHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bRs1Tr33L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bRs1Tr33L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ANZya1yDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ANZya1yDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413tGhqoOTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413tGhqoOTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 2204 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 2205 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 2206 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4131hNBVKZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4131hNBVKZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 2208 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 2209 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/619%2Bz7qAWvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/619%2Bz7qAWvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41obhBimUhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41obhBimUhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QsA7xZ4yL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QsA7xZ4yL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41C4O-4DHmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41C4O-4DHmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 2214 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41s9ARXkyRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41s9ARXkyRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pqK1aGZxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pqK1aGZxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 2217 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LTsLPMZ7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LTsLPMZ7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 2219 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41h1YBgk-GL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41h1YBgk-GL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41t2nQRf10L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41t2nQRf10L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oz6wB7p9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oz6wB7p9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51nnUzig8HL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51nnUzig8HL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hr9PeR1ML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hr9PeR1ML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 2226 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PtA8I%2BSiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PtA8I%2BSiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31B1ndpMM7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31B1ndpMM7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VBk1VpLPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VBk1VpLPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WkEp4KTiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WkEp4KTiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rSqrgIHaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rSqrgIHaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ae8QbLicL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ae8QbLicL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BWB5dr1QL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BWB5dr1QL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/2109JxWJ-hL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/2109JxWJ-hL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31w4TAgiCiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31w4TAgiCiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31PFqeVKzeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31PFqeVKzeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4123qYnHnNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4123qYnHnNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gnKRGNwUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gnKRGNwUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 2239 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51zst2NEHfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51zst2NEHfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31AMfovGmRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31AMfovGmRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ya70hyEyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ya70hyEyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31eS%2BLUuDsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31eS%2BLUuDsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51hpwfKKcSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51hpwfKKcSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51KZmqF1T1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51KZmqF1T1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sEN40QhML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sEN40QhML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EO7p9awaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EO7p9awaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xxsoqBWhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xxsoqBWhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XwhHrJsSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XwhHrJsSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YEaUYQK1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YEaUYQK1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eAXss4dxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eAXss4dxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bO-jmBvqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bO-jmBvqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51fmWhaKmIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51fmWhaKmIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51866mmV%2BKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51866mmV%2BKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XdtSYov1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XdtSYov1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qqXpF%2B1lL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qqXpF%2B1lL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31d9X5tSPlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31d9X5tSPlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21NB2aFZgKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21NB2aFZgKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/510FI71MqYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/510FI71MqYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51UWFjHzSIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51UWFjHzSIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:2244 - 34.872354984283 - 0.65267395973206
dbtime:61180 - 18.333941459656 - 0.31653547286987 - 1286
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/510L0mrkgWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/510L0mrkgWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4101unRBoFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4101unRBoFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HFyQ9%2BarL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HFyQ9%2BarL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UNVMYvaKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UNVMYvaKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VGT5KS2ML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VGT5KS2ML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XOLcKvmqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XOLcKvmqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 2268 , wrong column number : 57 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41G0NU2pD1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41G0NU2pD1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EWevTEaqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EWevTEaqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31p9JDSz0BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31p9JDSz0BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iUE5cuOUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iUE5cuOUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EyjhxWfxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EyjhxWfxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21KnVWyqlEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21KnVWyqlEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FVz9m1a9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FVz9m1a9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41I5QPM4nsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41I5QPM4nsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WIo3WwI4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WIo3WwI4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-hgj6UKWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-hgj6UKWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FVZfxG7oL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FVZfxG7oL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41651m2TjVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41651m2TjVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51xsiFBN-WL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51xsiFBN-WL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415%2B7uFF7jL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415%2B7uFF7jL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FDYjEc2yL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FDYjEc2yL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vOOyzq5lL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vOOyzq5lL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IF6gxmcqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IF6gxmcqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wvdukspUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wvdukspUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51-LLXkL0fL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51-LLXkL0fL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wx90B4C8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wx90B4C8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/217zVcTsDnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/217zVcTsDnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31N8WG6FNAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31N8WG6FNAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31aGPVAPJmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31aGPVAPJmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wrQsZhufL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wrQsZhufL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Xtv8rde6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Xtv8rde6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51s0RBcg2PL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51s0RBcg2PL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317N1rZ-cML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317N1rZ-cML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31w%2Bn-MSUuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31w%2Bn-MSUuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51sEpd5%2BceL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51sEpd5%2BceL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KCZrKP06L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KCZrKP06L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31dS0-dtx-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31dS0-dtx-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51xsiFBN-WL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51xsiFBN-WL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51fmWhaKmIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51fmWhaKmIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bLG%2BL7n3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bLG%2BL7n3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41REPucZO1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41REPucZO1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XdtSYov1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XdtSYov1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417QiO4vYQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417QiO4vYQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21KnVWyqlEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21KnVWyqlEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4110TWJmYYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4110TWJmYYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41d%2Bp%2BgEzgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41d%2Bp%2BgEzgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ezzjZWLnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ezzjZWLnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:2295 - 35.569453001022 - 0.69701981544495
dbtime:62491 - 18.697414875031 - 0.36347341537476 - 1311
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oGjt4LCTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oGjt4LCTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51JGFp7rwfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51JGFp7rwfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511910vnj0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511910vnj0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FFjL16%2BhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FFjL16%2BhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21c2ZwMRahL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21c2ZwMRahL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4148y6IQ1xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4148y6IQ1xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51H2nhwmEHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51H2nhwmEHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31f9dtmKL-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31f9dtmKL-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51pgyakLQML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51pgyakLQML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Vbep5lZFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Vbep5lZFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318o6uCnZSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318o6uCnZSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LKadFmNZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LKadFmNZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41k-Sst5XzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41k-Sst5XzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31dArEBALvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31dArEBALvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WuoBePWkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WuoBePWkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iGY5rG5QL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iGY5rG5QL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41aVZMDiPtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41aVZMDiPtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 2331 , wrong column number : 53 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lxZguNkwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lxZguNkwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41o0hPFr8FL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41o0hPFr8FL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51UWFjHzSIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51UWFjHzSIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bQ2T2sYNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bQ2T2sYNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TbWSoYoHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TbWSoYoHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iuB0P8ZFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iuB0P8ZFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RqI2258eL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RqI2258eL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31y8tcaaE2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31y8tcaaE2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51MHL0hO8vL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51MHL0hO8vL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eUTqGvDpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eUTqGvDpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410WBREF71L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410WBREF71L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51gy9VdYCeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51gy9VdYCeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TJIrDBLwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TJIrDBLwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21S0LJ6TMBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21S0LJ6TMBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413nfx6nSGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413nfx6nSGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mQxqX1YwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mQxqX1YwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pY38y6ZHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pY38y6ZHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mnfY3ezKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mnfY3ezKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51PRyOqqhwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51PRyOqqhwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 2354 , wrong column number : 49 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410WQQ1BM7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410WQQ1BM7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51DAUMEVTAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51DAUMEVTAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q9U3uuaML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q9U3uuaML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51t5FkeD2lL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51t5FkeD2lL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41A%2BgXxFCpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41A%2BgXxFCpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BxbckLRHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BxbckLRHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CYhWEQoNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CYhWEQoNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MJ1L75TcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MJ1L75TcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417wolQU1xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417wolQU1xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21pQdZfeZVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21pQdZfeZVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:2346 - 36.342972993851 - 0.77338790893555
dbtime:63790 - 19.059376001358 - 0.36196112632751 - 1299
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41623hrdm-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41623hrdm-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KH5OfHdnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KH5OfHdnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bMAM%2BtIDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bMAM%2BtIDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21s8P4dFhEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21s8P4dFhEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41x1NTuF1JL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41x1NTuF1JL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41li1jZKZXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41li1jZKZXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AFvC0tqZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AFvC0tqZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gpAQH3FBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gpAQH3FBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WR5M1%2B9cL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WR5M1%2B9cL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tyXmQvfWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tyXmQvfWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mAobw2Z%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mAobw2Z%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SW9cl3PdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SW9cl3PdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314jDMB2PIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314jDMB2PIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41T8EzgY0ZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41T8EzgY0ZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412MAebp8PL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412MAebp8PL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41F4AYSuMrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41F4AYSuMrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rGo6VlJDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rGo6VlJDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XJz-bYj%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XJz-bYj%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51mJbC-3IZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51mJbC-3IZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mIRfC5-CL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mIRfC5-CL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419LD6Ehx6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419LD6Ehx6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WKL52AbtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WKL52AbtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51FfOixzgGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51FfOixzgGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51KWtM1fnJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51KWtM1fnJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51NPp5Ibi7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51NPp5Ibi7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51drI-FwBZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51drI-FwBZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41A419nV0wL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41A419nV0wL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41t8sdRU4XL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41t8sdRU4XL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41G-4PXAEuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41G-4PXAEuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tW14tagGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tW14tagGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51YIctFNzFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51YIctFNzFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Ij0qPRPGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Ij0qPRPGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 2401 , wrong column number : 49 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310sCdvjZZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310sCdvjZZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-x6I41AnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-x6I41AnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51dcbxO-TsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51dcbxO-TsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ytpEZhT0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ytpEZhT0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EonVn9NOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EonVn9NOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GUPcFnzrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GUPcFnzrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WR5M1%2B9cL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WR5M1%2B9cL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nUlll5HaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nUlll5HaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511lpDY282L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511lpDY282L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419A3xWOQDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419A3xWOQDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4177AydGxIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4177AydGxIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51UJMvNWXTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51UJMvNWXTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Gv---9StL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Gv---9StL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LpqQlBsUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LpqQlBsUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:2397 - 37.154714107513 - 0.81162405014038
dbtime:65113 - 19.503811597824 - 0.44443559646606 - 1323
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410tYsOaNhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410tYsOaNhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Nh5aMz9cL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Nh5aMz9cL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vZ-WPIiIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vZ-WPIiIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TJIrDBLwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TJIrDBLwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DK5STV-GL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DK5STV-GL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WjZPfuhUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WjZPfuhUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51AsgRyzu5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51AsgRyzu5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bRXAHj%2BGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bRXAHj%2BGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vzcHPHuqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vzcHPHuqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UPe4syuBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UPe4syuBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TNeUo%2B5zL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TNeUo%2B5zL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zhwyhuZdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zhwyhuZdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fEoHskywL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fEoHskywL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gpAQH3FBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gpAQH3FBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41THQbGpwBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41THQbGpwBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-Fwj7vThL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-Fwj7vThL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41F7OYMVLGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41F7OYMVLGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iDZ1%2Be-4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iDZ1%2Be-4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41srQXtyk6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41srQXtyk6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21Oa7A2eZJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21Oa7A2eZJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41y%2BQizH16L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41y%2BQizH16L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31uc8UkntQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31uc8UkntQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/510BeFo0NVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/510BeFo0NVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Hph0DM0tL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Hph0DM0tL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UPe4syuBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UPe4syuBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MViLADdtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MViLADdtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LanUjvD5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LanUjvD5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21lbERapLWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21lbERapLWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31sUBjyb5mL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31sUBjyb5mL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41irH77uJJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41irH77uJJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51d6qekxE3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51d6qekxE3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41G57sERV-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41G57sERV-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OOHAOmD7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OOHAOmD7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BCTYYmeYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BCTYYmeYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41F08hZJcSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41F08hZJcSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VzbkBrNJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VzbkBrNJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5190dbBgv8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5190dbBgv8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411U69kfvOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411U69kfvOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KtwI2S-KL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KtwI2S-KL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BGiPHAFuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BGiPHAFuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418Hm-QuE2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418Hm-QuE2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51knkjP8RnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51knkjP8RnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31j5Hon3k0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31j5Hon3k0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Y3juYN6QL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Y3juYN6QL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:2448 - 37.915181159973 - 0.76038718223572
dbtime:66426 - 19.885137319565 - 0.38132572174072 - 1313
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zQQfDxt-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zQQfDxt-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31T6X%2BKN8aL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31T6X%2BKN8aL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Xl9GueV7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Xl9GueV7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51w-9qJrx8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51w-9qJrx8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31L1DAR4hTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31L1DAR4hTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ygtWw36RL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ygtWw36RL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tVTXYE5bL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tVTXYE5bL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yWpjjy2qL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yWpjjy2qL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413-duB6cgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413-duB6cgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q0nVN-nTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q0nVN-nTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fMsWv4ozL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fMsWv4ozL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ORe8So6LL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ORe8So6LL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uINzxMlcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uINzxMlcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51sPHjFppqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51sPHjFppqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eSHiuT93L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eSHiuT93L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4150gwhLtxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4150gwhLtxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Xv5rXo5qL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Xv5rXo5qL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51gmr1zoE8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51gmr1zoE8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411mgg%2B3Q6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411mgg%2B3Q6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ovRJRvpaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ovRJRvpaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21pYkyGfwgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21pYkyGfwgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414MXEs1qcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414MXEs1qcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GBKdhwk4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GBKdhwk4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ocVo57eFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ocVo57eFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HRAQ4XTCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HRAQ4XTCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QoX8WZsHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QoX8WZsHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gcEctuNxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gcEctuNxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51oxIrE5wkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51oxIrE5wkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Jx7YTVDVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Jx7YTVDVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pyoFdcThL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pyoFdcThL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vRRrAaZIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vRRrAaZIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41S2BVL3rOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41S2BVL3rOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BFTDjSM%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BFTDjSM%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41P4M3dFZHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41P4M3dFZHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410QJEg%2BMUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410QJEg%2BMUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eNCkR1CXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eNCkR1CXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413F7hvT3EL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413F7hvT3EL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41K0MZY3LEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41K0MZY3LEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UTvk%2BOE3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UTvk%2BOE3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41X3CFToyjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41X3CFToyjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LF-UlVzdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LF-UlVzdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q6C7PxHQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q6C7PxHQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51uF%2BZsvOeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51uF%2BZsvOeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41B04fjLZCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41B04fjLZCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31m8SEJ8zdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31m8SEJ8zdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51kVPvdiXUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51kVPvdiXUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EGw-pwBFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EGw-pwBFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51oGXK%2BMRHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51oGXK%2BMRHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61TeB6arsTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61TeB6arsTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RCFx0kH2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RCFx0kH2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ZUJvN5pWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ZUJvN5pWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:2499 - 38.619421005249 - 0.70415782928467
dbtime:67704 - 20.239062070847 - 0.35392475128174 - 1278
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41W7eVKvHIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41W7eVKvHIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51JpXSeBxgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51JpXSeBxgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51uwaOtG1WL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51uwaOtG1WL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41s31VcMcZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41s31VcMcZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61s2Z-s6PKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61s2Z-s6PKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51nnMxox1bL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51nnMxox1bL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YdfX-9x-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YdfX-9x-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AN3UBrfiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AN3UBrfiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Vm9nJdFRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Vm9nJdFRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DxKlrN%2BfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DxKlrN%2BfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Cr7dsc68L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Cr7dsc68L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hH03mYW-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hH03mYW-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fcMpwNNPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fcMpwNNPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41b1jOavIyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41b1jOavIyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PZvkiGPIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PZvkiGPIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BE2nrjHKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BE2nrjHKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ltvwVz5SL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ltvwVz5SL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417ROWZlYTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417ROWZlYTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31yeXUN33ML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31yeXUN33ML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31E2USb2HKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31E2USb2HKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zhWv21CNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zhWv21CNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31d9xQtR1UL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31d9xQtR1UL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wEtWfiOYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wEtWfiOYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rN-y6ky7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rN-y6ky7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51dcbxO-TsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51dcbxO-TsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xSbiQYtKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xSbiQYtKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311TVQH7X9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311TVQH7X9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41a1FstYMBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41a1FstYMBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eT1OvMBsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eT1OvMBsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DUX7r3cuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DUX7r3cuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31z3zraB58L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31z3zraB58L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4108KkwWg2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4108KkwWg2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41y%2B9Zqs8DL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41y%2B9Zqs8DL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41e%2ByTaQjjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41e%2ByTaQjjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51OR7SJ8oRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51OR7SJ8oRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410bos8UeeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410bos8UeeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41goJ58ePRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41goJ58ePRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21aG9ONmd1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21aG9ONmd1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413jYqCAUHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413jYqCAUHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ArUOAmOML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ArUOAmOML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414K3HNicPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414K3HNicPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JlH5CoqfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JlH5CoqfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IePAWj-oL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IePAWj-oL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51SX71yxg3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51SX71yxg3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51%2B5s-rZhKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51%2B5s-rZhKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4180y0cBUQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4180y0cBUQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xzjolwz6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xzjolwz6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Z4WOq5VTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Z4WOq5VTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41R1KcK2drL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41R1KcK2drL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:2550 - 39.382383108139 - 0.76288199424744
dbtime:68995 - 20.621290683746 - 0.38222861289978 - 1291
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CvXG5WoYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CvXG5WoYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/519eWGn8K8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/519eWGn8K8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418eBf4jWQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418eBf4jWQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hH03mYW-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hH03mYW-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51yfe1ZnYKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51yfe1ZnYKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51rrAr-VjXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51rrAr-VjXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oOenmY%2B3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oOenmY%2B3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51n%2B0z-TTzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51n%2B0z-TTzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410-L6FjepL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410-L6FjepL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2B-GS%2Bk-aL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2B-GS%2Bk-aL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419ySV6BsOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419ySV6BsOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41i3IgAGmvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41i3IgAGmvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413%2B99kNz2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413%2B99kNz2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418FOnd8ZxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418FOnd8ZxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31BBzMvTGrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31BBzMvTGrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BJDARtfZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BJDARtfZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51XoZ61DfbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51XoZ61DfbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MC3TQrVvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MC3TQrVvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oWrzTwdGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oWrzTwdGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51yZ-KSRKiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51yZ-KSRKiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21HGZVcr4jL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21HGZVcr4jL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Sat0aTf5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Sat0aTf5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Gu1qJ1OdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Gu1qJ1OdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51c2cuGI4zL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51c2cuGI4zL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PsG-OusIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PsG-OusIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31REt-NkJzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31REt-NkJzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313YG2w%2B-3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313YG2w%2B-3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41S9Whx7A7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41S9Whx7A7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61kzsnjB38L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61kzsnjB38L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41krZ1mPf7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41krZ1mPf7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51BZwwMuq%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51BZwwMuq%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YdfX-9x-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YdfX-9x-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51SpCrcSTKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51SpCrcSTKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51WNZ65g3qL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51WNZ65g3qL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Vm9nJdFRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Vm9nJdFRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/512Lw1-mTYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/512Lw1-mTYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61VAouQlbeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61VAouQlbeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tpq6EqXGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tpq6EqXGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61bYzEz0VkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61bYzEz0VkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61FitbOlqhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61FitbOlqhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21DhVzQZKkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21DhVzQZKkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hYhEDjKgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hYhEDjKgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51a780mS5hL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51a780mS5hL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51mLWTVgX9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51mLWTVgX9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61DUL5m%2BNkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61DUL5m%2BNkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312QGzCJQEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312QGzCJQEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:2601 - 40.135234117508 - 0.75276613235474
dbtime:70323 - 21.000331163406 - 0.37904047966003 - 1328
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51AgGtUxpsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51AgGtUxpsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51qRbP9BqHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51qRbP9BqHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Z9A%2BNhniL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Z9A%2BNhniL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/6152AL7qOZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/6152AL7qOZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Jyca4TeWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Jyca4TeWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51w6fZ7d8YL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51w6fZ7d8YL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41REVMyVmVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41REVMyVmVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51TDexqGF5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51TDexqGF5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41aamCuk5-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41aamCuk5-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61xU7l07dkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61xU7l07dkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51aHtvYvI7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51aHtvYvI7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61Vek5nJm4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61Vek5nJm4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51C3x9SiRqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51C3x9SiRqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61A7KCy6wML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61A7KCy6wML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tPez9KleL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tPez9KleL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dePkqJogL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dePkqJogL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51rqgH%2BZ0NL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51rqgH%2BZ0NL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VA503RytL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VA503RytL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61YpQLvlPnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61YpQLvlPnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414JEqVb6ML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414JEqVb6ML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318H10150SL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318H10150SL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61fuw--0Q3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61fuw--0Q3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51JxGUBJAKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51JxGUBJAKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61bJdz9MUlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61bJdz9MUlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51MVPvjJY5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51MVPvjJY5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-ivZezVmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-ivZezVmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51MN-k71TrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51MN-k71TrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51iNVmTe72L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51iNVmTe72L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51lQ1v6gH2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51lQ1v6gH2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61D0rx%2BEL7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61D0rx%2BEL7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/512SSOeZg1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/512SSOeZg1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/612-jlScORL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/612-jlScORL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51LMhQldppL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51LMhQldppL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Wp5SMPL6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Wp5SMPL6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QP2GZH86L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QP2GZH86L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51B9cds5HfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51B9cds5HfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LoPkaoeOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LoPkaoeOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51l3crFg0kL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51l3crFg0kL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51i4-1FDOoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51i4-1FDOoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511mhyfwinL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511mhyfwinL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51XuiyIXZwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51XuiyIXZwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61Sm%2BtWDTjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61Sm%2BtWDTjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51PHvKvC7kL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51PHvKvC7kL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/613Fq6p%2BWDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/613Fq6p%2BWDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41E-yCNrtBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41E-yCNrtBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:2652 - 40.93682217598 - 0.80150818824768
dbtime:71670 - 21.408058166504 - 0.40772700309753 - 1347
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61-iSLJSpbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61-iSLJSpbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41a7dLboY%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41a7dLboY%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51wYdZvjKRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51wYdZvjKRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51RnfwaOnAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51RnfwaOnAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61NAYAV4ZmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61NAYAV4ZmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xqlJvcZUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xqlJvcZUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51oPumtFgVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51oPumtFgVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51u2900KhWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51u2900KhWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51IhSDOE4sL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51IhSDOE4sL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/515nJTT0M7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/515nJTT0M7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51xVtpV5O0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51xVtpV5O0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5184SAl7WpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5184SAl7WpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418eL4vs7cL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418eL4vs7cL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41p6qIo8zJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41p6qIo8zJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412QtV-z%2BbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412QtV-z%2BbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61FivtU6kiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61FivtU6kiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/614O16SHJ3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/614O16SHJ3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41u4v0GL5lL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41u4v0GL5lL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61feDMK4ebL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61feDMK4ebL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51dcbxO-TsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51dcbxO-TsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eT1OvMBsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eT1OvMBsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DUX7r3cuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DUX7r3cuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wf%2BMjgqhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wf%2BMjgqhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51JLBu9Xg5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51JLBu9Xg5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iPznf0J7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iPznf0J7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Gvq3dZTWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Gvq3dZTWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31n6gmLPBAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31n6gmLPBAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21aG9ONmd1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21aG9ONmd1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JlH5CoqfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JlH5CoqfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JFNl7HHtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JFNl7HHtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41URIS7hygL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41URIS7hygL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bwZsaIczL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bwZsaIczL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51yogTqmQRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51yogTqmQRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410125-02TL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410125-02TL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gzdZPZYXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gzdZPZYXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Vvat8hqUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Vvat8hqUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51wYpQP1xEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51wYpQP1xEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CMJmc-AiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CMJmc-AiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JN2i%2BTqDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JN2i%2BTqDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41F4g6wKzDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41F4g6wKzDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41K3B35oupL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41K3B35oupL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31BWqWWejBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31BWqWWejBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/519-8rJx4SL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/519-8rJx4SL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41u8NEacLmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41u8NEacLmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q6DCV5CdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q6DCV5CdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31svqsf1VoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31svqsf1VoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51UKjWH-WyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51UKjWH-WyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Ozg6lQa5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Ozg6lQa5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21EY5WUdaDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21EY5WUdaDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51tAGaBpxEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51tAGaBpxEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XEzgMep0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XEzgMep0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:2703 - 41.635223150253 - 0.69831895828247
dbtime:72955 - 21.756550073624 - 0.34849190711975 - 1285
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61Rf-NCLpjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61Rf-NCLpjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21PJU3HlwOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21PJU3HlwOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jzL2vZGTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jzL2vZGTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41z2n8GvHyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41z2n8GvHyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51mHnwvAoIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51mHnwvAoIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31a-58%2Bk8xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31a-58%2Bk8xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/514mS4wQKzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/514mS4wQKzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QTQgGLi-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QTQgGLi-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ybl7pQSPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ybl7pQSPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Il01Xe%2BKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Il01Xe%2BKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319E7WNJJ6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319E7WNJJ6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uSxYOqLyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uSxYOqLyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31aS6ncg8iL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31aS6ncg8iL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31E9%2Bdz9ZLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31E9%2Bdz9ZLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MYPsp%2BsqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MYPsp%2BsqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WdeDoUmTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WdeDoUmTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51O83vaPPgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51O83vaPPgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Y609xvosL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Y609xvosL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51360PT0QeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51360PT0QeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/510Lc4--TrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/510Lc4--TrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Owqto697L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Owqto697L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SYbxNNYKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SYbxNNYKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ui9ZUNpiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ui9ZUNpiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51yZ-KSRKiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51yZ-KSRKiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41A-EZ6RfdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41A-EZ6RfdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KFSp57sML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KFSp57sML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41G6ODy4K1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41G6ODy4K1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41n8g7mAfvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41n8g7mAfvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Rcj6PjRWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Rcj6PjRWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Sat0aTf5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Sat0aTf5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51kj%2BnAFHIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51kj%2BnAFHIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51W5pkqAueL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51W5pkqAueL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51AEK03rO9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51AEK03rO9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yaw0r81fL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yaw0r81fL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411%2BbfBwyZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411%2BbfBwyZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qiOpF9cyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qiOpF9cyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HFRqoKsjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HFRqoKsjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31V5GlkDK8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31V5GlkDK8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31dUXCT6GZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31dUXCT6GZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41X1B6ijAmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41X1B6ijAmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41umxNi4PoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41umxNi4PoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51aEEFQX6jL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51aEEFQX6jL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qQH0LV66L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qQH0LV66L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51bGpIgmGcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51bGpIgmGcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61Wcia%2BFN4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61Wcia%2BFN4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41K6pA4j2rL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41K6pA4j2rL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oTnzs04KL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oTnzs04KL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41onE-ex7kL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41onE-ex7kL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416tYxNk2FL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416tYxNk2FL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yALRoaoHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yALRoaoHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:2754 - 42.439927101135 - 0.80462312698364
dbtime:74255 - 22.191913843155 - 0.43536376953125 - 1300
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BRlQR375L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BRlQR375L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/510D8o5LteL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/510D8o5LteL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51-818gZBYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51-818gZBYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41l46t3yZrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41l46t3yZrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rHPYVyJCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rHPYVyJCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/518K8FKxrfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/518K8FKxrfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414MS62T3NL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414MS62T3NL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Eb536j3gL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Eb536j3gL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DZz%2BqkPLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DZz%2BqkPLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GqBePelZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GqBePelZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VZALM3jJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VZALM3jJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jBaF8oUZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jBaF8oUZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318aHBg52rL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318aHBg52rL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hDotRLiaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hDotRLiaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31N9qLJbbGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31N9qLJbbGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q0xVTrAXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q0xVTrAXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11-7gekGM4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11-7gekGM4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31lF0mNSDHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31lF0mNSDHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kJ-J4MppL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kJ-J4MppL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zpWhN%2BgpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zpWhN%2BgpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pSeWy4J1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pSeWy4J1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/513A7xY3viL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/513A7xY3viL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21peenmtQxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21peenmtQxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41d6RoAwKnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41d6RoAwKnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315F%2B%2BaiL%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315F%2B%2BaiL%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Yso-NgSaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Yso-NgSaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31sWbnARyLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31sWbnARyLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21w2d0BL%2B2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21w2d0BL%2B2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Fj4-Shp%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Fj4-Shp%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21SrJLXAmvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21SrJLXAmvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21ZGzEyiZpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21ZGzEyiZpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Lp76lh7FL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Lp76lh7FL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31e96fX3MvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31e96fX3MvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21pU-jkapdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21pU-jkapdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319LiqTa8HL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319LiqTa8HL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21mOzGyBxhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21mOzGyBxhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21Wzf9hw%2BoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21Wzf9hw%2BoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21wtvL0CEBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21wtvL0CEBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Gf7xHNAZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Gf7xHNAZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310zt2xnzFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310zt2xnzFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EnDn7GyQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EnDn7GyQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 2816 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21uJX8jJTLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21uJX8jJTLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UqCm0UeOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UqCm0UeOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31AHQGQGcnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31AHQGQGcnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QQFKoF6VL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QQFKoF6VL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QgPz6Nu-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QgPz6Nu-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21G07KNytvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21G07KNytvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Y87CB7cRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Y87CB7cRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TXvuK3LXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TXvuK3LXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310f4tSlQOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310f4tSlQOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:2805 - 43.188894033432 - 0.74885201454163
dbtime:75544 - 22.565469264984 - 0.37355542182922 - 1289
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21w4QBvQHuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21w4QBvQHuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OdOwGvDbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OdOwGvDbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rkOzKAyzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rkOzKAyzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Cjg1MzrbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Cjg1MzrbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31nsR-B8iQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31nsR-B8iQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21NacsJzwYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21NacsJzwYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11EMhY6Cz5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11EMhY6Cz5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CXAELhm6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CXAELhm6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31mrj6xLvrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31mrj6xLvrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21Viqi1pBfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21Viqi1pBfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pNRLS9M4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pNRLS9M4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11KRpnBSJFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11KRpnBSJFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21f6k2F-AAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21f6k2F-AAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bVaBPFrDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bVaBPFrDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317oW7OtU3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317oW7OtU3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Om83OW8aL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Om83OW8aL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/71zn2msjWAL_liki.gif cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/71zn2msjWAL._SL160__liki.gif cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/512S4sgkRwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/512S4sgkRwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31G3q7VBRwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31G3q7VBRwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11sZ0zVkNeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11sZ0zVkNeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/211e6k7BkmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/211e6k7BkmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21SxQniPgLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21SxQniPgLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ypD6vS8zL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ypD6vS8zL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11c5vy6MwVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11c5vy6MwVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41w12A6BGzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41w12A6BGzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3111jTUlaiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3111jTUlaiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/2186rnG9wYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/2186rnG9wYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ofKKbx9mL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ofKKbx9mL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cqMfxN1WL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cqMfxN1WL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qJEzJms9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qJEzJms9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hvKNHlWeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hvKNHlWeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31cHV%2BBs%2BEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31cHV%2BBs%2BEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AXHkJpmbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AXHkJpmbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rwFw%2BVmGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rwFw%2BVmGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EbGt%2BLFnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EbGt%2BLFnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mwuCv4N8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mwuCv4N8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418FW4JT0ML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418FW4JT0ML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xTKkrZq9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xTKkrZq9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NU55yS9eL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NU55yS9eL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dbo1DltNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dbo1DltNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xtBIcS5hL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xtBIcS5hL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DxYPUnJ7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DxYPUnJ7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4157qFgoUnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4157qFgoUnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BgU0Jm%2BdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BgU0Jm%2BdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31V4ypaqlKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31V4ypaqlKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xRJPXy5wL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xRJPXy5wL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311vRxr5NsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311vRxr5NsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jC49LpJHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jC49LpJHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:2856 - 44.001079082489 - 0.81207203865051
dbtime:76873 - 23.012170553207 - 0.44670128822327 - 1329
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IjgNCr1uL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IjgNCr1uL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411vvwFHLPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411vvwFHLPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rt2OsODmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rt2OsODmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41aSAYVdRXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41aSAYVdRXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41w3el1jswL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41w3el1jswL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/219OgpzG-TL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/219OgpzG-TL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41G9TBTQ5OL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41G9TBTQ5OL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RET-g3UkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RET-g3UkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dCh3T-RlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dCh3T-RlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3158OajLCOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3158OajLCOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oFpSzvVvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oFpSzvVvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uSukTL8bL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uSukTL8bL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lyePVYIAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lyePVYIAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4136lXIUFiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4136lXIUFiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31aWCopTv0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31aWCopTv0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jizO6IylL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jizO6IylL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PWSvF4NWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PWSvF4NWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JWeyhAzBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JWeyhAzBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GsHTeztfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GsHTeztfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IvxwrLS5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IvxwrLS5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JFmssP6HL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JFmssP6HL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11sBrtt16VL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11sBrtt16VL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Qs8azWR6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Qs8azWR6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21zQw3343DL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21zQw3343DL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414p2r78hXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414p2r78hXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sjalhLMBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sjalhLMBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-s2ttnnEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-s2ttnnEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-wkGGUJLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-wkGGUJLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413l-K5XF1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413l-K5XF1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419KpuFsIdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419KpuFsIdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FZYoxW1DL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FZYoxW1DL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31mQKGHkhlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31mQKGHkhlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41h4eT3sWNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41h4eT3sWNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CuFGrrRML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CuFGrrRML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CRBbfojwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CRBbfojwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21LhIjbELbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21LhIjbELbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UpnpCF70L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UpnpCF70L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZBoRI5R6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZBoRI5R6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21tAHOw2VfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21tAHOw2VfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Co-kA1ROL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Co-kA1ROL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41apqPGm9aL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41apqPGm9aL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xaSxEgIlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xaSxEgIlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nQalB2w2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nQalB2w2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410rg00pZpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410rg00pZpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FZYoxW1DL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FZYoxW1DL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hl51pBKWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hl51pBKWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OhZjVpILL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OhZjVpILL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oroqxxDYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oroqxxDYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41133wsBLUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41133wsBLUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BW9O1c5CL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BW9O1c5CL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314DATf1GTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314DATf1GTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:2907 - 44.755909204483 - 0.75475001335144
dbtime:78149 - 23.4001994133 - 0.38802886009216 - 1276
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gt4yG8igL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gt4yG8igL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Yy9R76p-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Yy9R76p-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DHrRDjoEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DHrRDjoEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cEdJyI29L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cEdJyI29L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WqJz-JcAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WqJz-JcAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XOa3wdSVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XOa3wdSVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MmRiZ2OtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MmRiZ2OtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Mx7-za4oL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Mx7-za4oL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JReWFnpCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JReWFnpCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nmfPh2usL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nmfPh2usL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310Z3TzjkbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310Z3TzjkbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31YDnM%2Bn2ML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31YDnM%2Bn2ML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31S5VNUuNjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31S5VNUuNjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fah4k1U7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fah4k1U7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jSVv-7Q8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jSVv-7Q8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bx-5bIYBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bx-5bIYBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Jy85pdZbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Jy85pdZbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31T-rCfO7TL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31T-rCfO7TL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2Bym6DGcyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2Bym6DGcyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RR-vG6EDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RR-vG6EDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xAtyxJgxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xAtyxJgxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jZVOgXJuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jZVOgXJuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:2958 - 45.58145904541 - 0.82543587684631
dbtime:79461 - 23.862112283707 - 0.4619128704071 - 1312
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31B4Wd4MDuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31B4Wd4MDuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pSqOHNxpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pSqOHNxpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31t8H0TEz1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31t8H0TEz1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ol%2B%2Bq1VbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ol%2B%2Bq1VbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:3009 - 46.339164018631 - 0.75762295722961
dbtime:80787 - 24.238652229309 - 0.37653994560242 - 1326
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416KrkKd1YL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416KrkKd1YL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313%2BZBdS2dL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313%2BZBdS2dL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tRc9gz%2BkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tRc9gz%2BkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41caE5Uc5ML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41caE5Uc5ML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417ZxSzxTdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417ZxSzxTdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4153KPtITJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4153KPtITJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11Jxayk7YCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11Jxayk7YCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TRGbBs3oL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TRGbBs3oL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314FqCuFTLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314FqCuFTLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417cJb1BNfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417cJb1BNfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WHFu2fHJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WHFu2fHJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jEeIJIQVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jEeIJIQVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ypjlRWtTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ypjlRWtTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ypyxJa%2BeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ypyxJa%2BeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51LEF%2BqNZPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51LEF%2BqNZPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51PhhchqbIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51PhhchqbIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41A5dsBqBAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41A5dsBqBAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 3058 , wrong column number : 49 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MPlMPLIDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MPlMPLIDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DkofE0zBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DkofE0zBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GZsTxJA3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GZsTxJA3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/2119BPZ5vCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/2119BPZ5vCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Vq3BYZLTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Vq3BYZLTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41L86F4qJwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41L86F4qJwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BAmHzcvJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BAmHzcvJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41u2sfiF5dL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41u2sfiF5dL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vm0wTXwSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vm0wTXwSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ob3lT9pXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ob3lT9pXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bRMEEgLsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bRMEEgLsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Uz6TNYKNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Uz6TNYKNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NedWqd%2BSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NedWqd%2BSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 3072 , wrong column number : 49 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/218CT9XKr-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/218CT9XKr-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CwYiFaCoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CwYiFaCoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 3075 , wrong column number : 49 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31i6um5GBzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31i6um5GBzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fuWlz5FUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fuWlz5FUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21S67bWqSnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21S67bWqSnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31GnbIQ660L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31GnbIQ660L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31HAlqnxWwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31HAlqnxWwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JV2RYAAHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JV2RYAAHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310eR8tiWvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310eR8tiWvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/119T53xJN6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/119T53xJN6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416t8Se5r4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416t8Se5r4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:3060 - 47.178994178772 - 0.83970808982849
dbtime:82078 - 24.692226886749 - 0.45357465744019 - 1291
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313PDO8aPbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313PDO8aPbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21RXJ2VDYCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21RXJ2VDYCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RUM1JkCzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RUM1JkCzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 3088 , wrong column number : 49 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21HAZ32wLFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21HAZ32wLFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QKNFVTCRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QKNFVTCRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gRtr6AHHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gRtr6AHHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51BCRHJ576L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51BCRHJ576L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JIulnoIQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JIulnoIQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 3094 , wrong column number : 49 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 3095 , wrong column number : 49 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21Vw2efIwpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21Vw2efIwpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 3098 , wrong column number : 49 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31l22vxB6FL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31l22vxB6FL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GVnJ9oQ4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GVnJ9oQ4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41L2Wqs%2BdmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41L2Wqs%2BdmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 3102 , wrong column number : 49 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51DK8cg8ZAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51DK8cg8ZAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41owwUCyScL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41owwUCyScL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 3105 , wrong column number : 49 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51dNHwn0V7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51dNHwn0V7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41w0IAzzvAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41w0IAzzvAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xeLaFbKML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xeLaFbKML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41M97M3M9SL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41M97M3M9SL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11dB-OVSwbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11dB-OVSwbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dOlS0usbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dOlS0usbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51GqShwd18L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51GqShwd18L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VWvqprScL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VWvqprScL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31YZJJlWG3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31YZJJlWG3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31HTE1zQ06L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31HTE1zQ06L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nJxEzGfML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nJxEzGfML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WNDrilV%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WNDrilV%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51TBu1XOvtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51TBu1XOvtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lJcHPJcdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lJcHPJcdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Xf1aBGaCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Xf1aBGaCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31opxdVI4lL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31opxdVI4lL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QXKRD9leL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QXKRD9leL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/114VcoUueSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/114VcoUueSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51KjoxudGTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51KjoxudGTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xfoGb9dFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xfoGb9dFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31GrO7xEEOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31GrO7xEEOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kkczTaStL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kkczTaStL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31w2UntRMOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31w2UntRMOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317NCAgtReL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317NCAgtReL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bdShS-4TL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bdShS-4TL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51A8ZdpxN-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51A8ZdpxN-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fyiTiPg4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fyiTiPg4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313oVPzPgZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313oVPzPgZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41W5OyP3xXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41W5OyP3xXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cnaxJGZAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cnaxJGZAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SB77Xl-tL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SB77Xl-tL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410QKEB8fxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410QKEB8fxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41l5ls7GCLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41l5ls7GCLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MT1762tML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MT1762tML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41x0GUywgDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41x0GUywgDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CKXdVHN6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CKXdVHN6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:3111 - 47.971765041351 - 0.79269003868103
dbtime:83365 - 25.12562417984 - 0.43339729309082 - 1287
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31q9VLZexqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31q9VLZexqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41o44HuUaJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41o44HuUaJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31VOIt4vMrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31VOIt4vMrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DuHx20wVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DuHx20wVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rYkbxNL7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rYkbxNL7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418pKJ-qWgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418pKJ-qWgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xm7lEZ6UL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xm7lEZ6UL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-f-IqkK2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-f-IqkK2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Iq4P%2BwD5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Iq4P%2BwD5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-bN8qfXOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-bN8qfXOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DOQecNvaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DOQecNvaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419NAFnXUFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419NAFnXUFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HSXpoLTML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HSXpoLTML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51JiC7V0MSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51JiC7V0MSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oTLlKVaHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oTLlKVaHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SeWdkirSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SeWdkirSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PzLhr6lKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PzLhr6lKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41H9RLLajPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41H9RLLajPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DvyMEYedL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DvyMEYedL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411PX7DK15L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411PX7DK15L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jfBB-GoOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jfBB-GoOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Mp5HMmLeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Mp5HMmLeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31cFrTme-GL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31cFrTme-GL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4184wn8b8eL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4184wn8b8eL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KxNhr-r1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KxNhr-r1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pf3R7kEDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pf3R7kEDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41D7tpMaURL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41D7tpMaURL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XGWIdE%2BPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XGWIdE%2BPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314e5UK%2B5TL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314e5UK%2B5TL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413UfcDG0DL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413UfcDG0DL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jHrOP0WxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jHrOP0WxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41coEX%2Bck4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41coEX%2Bck4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jlgU1fn6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jlgU1fn6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-LsfoS1yL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-LsfoS1yL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BillVK3dL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BillVK3dL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21JE3hqmDtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21JE3hqmDtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NHkpyTAqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NHkpyTAqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XjOGNYyOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XjOGNYyOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21OQpmuTE7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21OQpmuTE7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41r6xe1NsvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41r6xe1NsvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51vert9NnkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51vert9NnkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41T3Z43EtQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41T3Z43EtQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VAxHD3PXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VAxHD3PXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31uHHhuXhwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31uHHhuXhwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317iEPkxzvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317iEPkxzvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41heCA3z1RL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41heCA3z1RL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PP71c8ZGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PP71c8ZGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2B85FMEujL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2B85FMEujL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411KWUbI7TL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411KWUbI7TL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418N6cCAkHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418N6cCAkHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:3162 - 48.641842126846 - 0.66999506950378
dbtime:84646 - 25.454787731171 - 0.32916355133057 - 1281
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MOLlRq7-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MOLlRq7-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417Kg6uj02L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417Kg6uj02L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5154aTcJ05L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5154aTcJ05L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21LUvBxltfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21LUvBxltfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Cpj7IlXSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Cpj7IlXSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21Z0lvvKawL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21Z0lvvKawL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-qOPc3KmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-qOPc3KmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Bx9MwAcAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Bx9MwAcAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21Lm2IY1ZOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21Lm2IY1ZOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41L%2BBoyDFKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41L%2BBoyDFKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311J-%2BQ-wPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311J-%2BQ-wPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vc7wniKFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vc7wniKFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41N-kuOxu9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41N-kuOxu9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41P7LZ3rQhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41P7LZ3rQhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Eu0sQsS7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Eu0sQsS7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31cXRDxhktL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31cXRDxhktL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bWZJXLL7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bWZJXLL7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ydB4oGM9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ydB4oGM9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31DsMIggEuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31DsMIggEuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YpDWgHH2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YpDWgHH2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41J7jNw3XkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41J7jNw3XkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41y74xeOG8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41y74xeOG8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413WdjhGLAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413WdjhGLAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VqQgSS1UL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VqQgSS1UL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41x882rJjtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41x882rJjtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BaRXcGPLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BaRXcGPLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gz5qd6QeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gz5qd6QeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31i3bQBsPIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31i3bQBsPIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410kYnJl1TL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410kYnJl1TL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21uQtjSzRlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21uQtjSzRlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bypinaHwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bypinaHwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310AwlV9vRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310AwlV9vRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xjzGshQoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xjzGshQoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315udXlPtcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315udXlPtcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31whBZXkRuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31whBZXkRuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4144GKNU%2BkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4144GKNU%2BkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41h8Ur9-E5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41h8Ur9-E5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eEmsMmDnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eEmsMmDnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31l7uhpZjdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31l7uhpZjdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418851xAffL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418851xAffL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IZJstlVGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IZJstlVGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31k65dZEx0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31k65dZEx0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ExLWz9AxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ExLWz9AxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31mR1qYQkcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31mR1qYQkcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31T7ZymqAQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31T7ZymqAQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21g3AYMNxsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21g3AYMNxsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31p6KFEK9HL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31p6KFEK9HL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YzkVVCliL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YzkVVCliL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YE7KTtNsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YE7KTtNsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:3213 - 49.344444036484 - 0.7025249004364
dbtime:85939 - 25.836163282394 - 0.38137555122375 - 1293
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21ltK9Enc%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21ltK9Enc%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CF8TxOGAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CF8TxOGAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PHqs93InL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PHqs93InL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rMsegQ8UL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rMsegQ8UL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31UTwCkg4qL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31UTwCkg4qL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ZBnzsmY0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ZBnzsmY0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411i7o7cVDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411i7o7cVDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q0PO9t9NL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q0PO9t9NL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21qhFfPB-8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21qhFfPB-8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31yIZpBWINL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31yIZpBWINL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qjnGF8cYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qjnGF8cYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YpDWgHH2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YpDWgHH2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QPNDGZQML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QPNDGZQML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31O7WbWXxJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31O7WbWXxJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31DsMIggEuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31DsMIggEuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NzHnluHBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NzHnluHBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JxyoSlYFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JxyoSlYFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SBdbjDZeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SBdbjDZeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OszFr477L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OszFr477L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3153WMlvkGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3153WMlvkGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XWo052NxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XWo052NxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vyUXqUtoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vyUXqUtoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kaeQIeg6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kaeQIeg6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/117dmLAYhsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/117dmLAYhsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Wd4tR77kL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Wd4tR77kL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/2127TAU8deL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/2127TAU8deL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318gturbX6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318gturbX6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21QJbN3GVxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21QJbN3GVxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zSaUUcMCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zSaUUcMCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AzourLlNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AzourLlNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wylAxEnyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wylAxEnyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31F8qlGIfRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31F8qlGIfRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21wIKZRiquL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21wIKZRiquL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XcYEKUukL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XcYEKUukL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410TNRdmQlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410TNRdmQlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qvtbJtkFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qvtbJtkFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MWWR6YXQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MWWR6YXQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21AKkrqMmOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21AKkrqMmOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51F75XnsG4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51F75XnsG4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pgH6vIrkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pgH6vIrkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UX9%2BY1jNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UX9%2BY1jNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41r698CnIcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41r698CnIcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XWarhKqQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XWarhKqQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:3264 - 50.100295066833 - 0.75577092170715
dbtime:87309 - 26.249705791473 - 0.41354250907898 - 1370
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WRTDS607L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WRTDS607L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31w8Hwnwi4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31w8Hwnwi4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41upuSYfs0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41upuSYfs0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Xd2XzTWPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Xd2XzTWPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41p4mmHdiXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41p4mmHdiXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21dp1elSOhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21dp1elSOhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21IbArSfuyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21IbArSfuyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Xs7THZQ-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Xs7THZQ-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314nWcG8iUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314nWcG8iUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Y76SMs7yL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Y76SMs7yL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fky4C4Y9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fky4C4Y9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41U45VtdoLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41U45VtdoLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EddmxRhiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EddmxRhiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yysD6WR7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yysD6WR7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Md4E5t%2BlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Md4E5t%2BlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31030s9dK0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31030s9dK0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-kdBVm0hL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-kdBVm0hL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xl0zpn8eL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xl0zpn8eL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/214izUBNFEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/214izUBNFEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FOYbHwrHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FOYbHwrHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Umb7MJ3gL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Umb7MJ3gL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31t3NUPS-eL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31t3NUPS-eL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41A5vdrPZhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41A5vdrPZhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hIHivKJYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hIHivKJYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51XacHj1U9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51XacHj1U9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vnnl5BMaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vnnl5BMaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21mAO6PjbrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21mAO6PjbrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vuXpp2ghL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vuXpp2ghL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318zLAbS1cL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318zLAbS1cL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318NTC96XPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318NTC96XPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419CYDbnskL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419CYDbnskL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410DywLjwBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410DywLjwBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Y4OWFD2mL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Y4OWFD2mL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Mj%2BLeGn9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Mj%2BLeGn9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31w5lNqdVaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31w5lNqdVaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OxzVYVgdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OxzVYVgdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BSx11WaeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BSx11WaeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Cx1SFZc6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Cx1SFZc6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hYEeSyl-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hYEeSyl-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UDbJoiggL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UDbJoiggL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11FD1F9lwsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11FD1F9lwsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bq9B0RAhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bq9B0RAhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iHU5E-DRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iHU5E-DRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XI-5tmYVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XI-5tmYVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xWMD%2BLePL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xWMD%2BLePL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51-gO7m2NsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51-gO7m2NsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41a%2BW3kexjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41a%2BW3kexjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tcUgy2tEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tcUgy2tEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UglTeJ0oL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UglTeJ0oL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31v6Qe8AeAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31v6Qe8AeAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AzjeVQt-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AzjeVQt-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:3315 - 50.872492074966 - 0.7721118927002
dbtime:88585 - 26.626910924911 - 0.37720513343811 - 1276
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21xu7iN76RL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21xu7iN76RL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tcMMBxwiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tcMMBxwiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21D7syK9lPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21D7syK9lPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51RFVZjwskL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51RFVZjwskL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31PH83AT4NL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31PH83AT4NL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fmqiv64KL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fmqiv64KL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313hwaNk0yL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313hwaNk0yL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q%2B8LzXpVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q%2B8LzXpVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31VLltBXKFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31VLltBXKFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BSx11WaeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BSx11WaeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vZtz5KXSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vZtz5KXSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410PwOnfj9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410PwOnfj9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51g-is5Ug7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51g-is5Ug7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41t4lihN%2BqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41t4lihN%2BqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wnMu1ITwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wnMu1ITwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bEcwo2yIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bEcwo2yIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uHypblRkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uHypblRkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21bgyMkur9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21bgyMkur9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xrbaekGFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xrbaekGFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411Ln5fLwaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411Ln5fLwaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11w%2BiduSzuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11w%2BiduSzuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21gBFqzMaUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21gBFqzMaUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mQVMN5V5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mQVMN5V5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ReiNgHbYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ReiNgHbYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410vXkQhNSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410vXkQhNSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419ciQ6COVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419ciQ6COVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pBvPp09WL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pBvPp09WL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hhX407SGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hhX407SGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41v1gIWOY7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41v1gIWOY7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21qhkL3%2BPBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21qhkL3%2BPBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SGD7VsjRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SGD7VsjRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31R9vbckYBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31R9vbckYBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q3Zb3k3eL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q3Zb3k3eL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CJeSudwEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CJeSudwEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41aandFUgQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41aandFUgQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pmRYnl5pL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pmRYnl5pL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/513y6Llp0LL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/513y6Llp0LL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41p%2Btny-V8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41p%2Btny-V8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CHh0l%2BIpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CHh0l%2BIpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UbtjyM9WL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UbtjyM9WL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DnGZCViDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DnGZCViDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oFQV65wPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oFQV65wPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41a5vxCXLxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41a5vxCXLxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Aia2q0XkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Aia2q0XkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411XVeWSFjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411XVeWSFjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XrQBY-8kL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XrQBY-8kL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/215o0%2Bc8EIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/215o0%2Bc8EIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:3366 - 51.706166028976 - 0.83358788490295
dbtime:89873 - 27.068431615829 - 0.44152069091797 - 1288
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21M8UMZ6mfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21M8UMZ6mfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xrbaekGFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xrbaekGFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31x%2BaQGmaGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31x%2BaQGmaGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nWo6giLNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nWo6giLNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GK7ENxCAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GK7ENxCAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11wx%2BXQXGVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11wx%2BXQXGVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q3Zb3k3eL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q3Zb3k3eL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410vXkQhNSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410vXkQhNSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41aandFUgQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41aandFUgQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412LQM035xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412LQM035xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/512C%2Boj91wL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/512C%2Boj91wL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51OXZUsDbZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51OXZUsDbZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21UgpyZauTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21UgpyZauTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RKVnr23sL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RKVnr23sL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xV2IX2ThL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xV2IX2ThL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nymCvEP3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nymCvEP3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41v8%2BMps2YL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41v8%2BMps2YL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zvmb1dS1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zvmb1dS1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Y5FQDJNWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Y5FQDJNWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MTsK22v1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MTsK22v1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31U6czY1FyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31U6czY1FyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41N0rwmtaLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41N0rwmtaLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LdeYUi%2BPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LdeYUi%2BPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11HqAZq%2BmQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11HqAZq%2BmQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iiqsDmZAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iiqsDmZAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51yVyAPacmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51yVyAPacmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fRLrbmEuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fRLrbmEuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11lKqp64CrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11lKqp64CrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lIBB2wExL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lIBB2wExL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31R5CBsOuFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31R5CBsOuFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Hg3XYbPcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Hg3XYbPcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CMCpnwl3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CMCpnwl3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310NheMZ0xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310NheMZ0xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41V1mwXPVhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41V1mwXPVhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bKbsMkDrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bKbsMkDrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hAtDKJdkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hAtDKJdkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41k9ryz4X2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41k9ryz4X2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41U4%2BskG87L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41U4%2BskG87L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dmKzCOJ%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dmKzCOJ%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UoqTgVQGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UoqTgVQGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416hYYrtL2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416hYYrtL2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fIVs7cEiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fIVs7cEiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NlvBCX6QL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NlvBCX6QL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:3417 - 52.57347202301 - 0.86718988418579
dbtime:91213 - 27.542593955994 - 0.47416234016418 - 1340
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Ez4-MiHCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Ez4-MiHCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YslRKyJkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YslRKyJkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mQkEwtOiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mQkEwtOiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TW4scohlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TW4scohlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ifat8gLEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ifat8gLEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41N0VwC5h7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41N0VwC5h7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PkMjdsSJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PkMjdsSJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41s5Qluwl7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41s5Qluwl7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410m-vx15aL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410m-vx15aL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pZ9T386NL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pZ9T386NL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dR2WUJefL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dR2WUJefL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jzc3YFApL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jzc3YFApL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21Ma5OkAn8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21Ma5OkAn8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41leDpt2i1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41leDpt2i1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312K7PlhI3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312K7PlhI3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LCTRTZsNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LCTRTZsNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QAd59LVNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QAd59LVNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21IVW-zIvOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21IVW-zIvOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418rUqpxVzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418rUqpxVzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21wSLCclEEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21wSLCclEEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21abAMgKghL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21abAMgKghL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2B5tqur%2BSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2B5tqur%2BSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21n%2BkF9ec4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21n%2BkF9ec4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nrPCi1SfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nrPCi1SfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IbOi1pd-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IbOi1pd-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419p5NHpIfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419p5NHpIfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21AIY00-9TL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21AIY00-9TL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tfLQT3jvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tfLQT3jvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qjuv1kjiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qjuv1kjiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Vp-BclvEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Vp-BclvEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21htqrwpOLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21htqrwpOLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41F0EbcciCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41F0EbcciCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4141J%2B80g0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4141J%2B80g0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41n3FtFwCNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41n3FtFwCNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416IFsnrhDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416IFsnrhDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31DNnbFWymL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31DNnbFWymL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Ai3WpdfHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Ai3WpdfHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zHF1s82YL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zHF1s82YL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MI5wD0gaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MI5wD0gaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31C2khID2eL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31C2khID2eL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41r8-9Yqk7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41r8-9Yqk7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TL9bRnUwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TL9bRnUwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bn5pkEA3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bn5pkEA3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lWC3WXL-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lWC3WXL-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XMY-dOp6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XMY-dOp6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41epJ59X7fL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41epJ59X7fL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31k79s0RhFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31k79s0RhFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21q6atOgWpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21q6atOgWpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41y%2BirTBdVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41y%2BirTBdVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rIZPD87xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rIZPD87xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:3468 - 53.336687088013 - 0.76313591003418
dbtime:92501 - 27.921186208725 - 0.37859225273132 - 1288
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yNdOtaddL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yNdOtaddL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AwckxlBrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AwckxlBrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-SQQUgYcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-SQQUgYcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313WBWYgNvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313WBWYgNvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41K-nM9oBsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41K-nM9oBsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41a93sA0sLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41a93sA0sLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311L0QINPcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311L0QINPcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FGxsbMSFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FGxsbMSFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413xFtOmgQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413xFtOmgQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418ZbpQjt5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418ZbpQjt5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41b7ajvflvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41b7ajvflvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41y8gR7-ZdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41y8gR7-ZdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21lbmxz7T2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21lbmxz7T2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51aTOTS4YfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51aTOTS4YfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51cj-%2BPQ9dL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51cj-%2BPQ9dL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bBC7p7wbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bBC7p7wbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51OJqf9IQoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51OJqf9IQoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/510O5LqKksL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/510O5LqKksL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-qLnnT-oL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-qLnnT-oL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FxAg%2B1M9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FxAg%2B1M9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YnExB4LML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YnExB4LML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41C8K4jjXAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41C8K4jjXAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51nNQTnYUWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51nNQTnYUWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zGSBK4QjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zGSBK4QjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qyiUYR9UL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qyiUYR9UL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jFy9uEzpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jFy9uEzpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Nk86so5xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Nk86so5xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41INeRZOXpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41INeRZOXpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31HgN%2BVTVVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31HgN%2BVTVVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Bj4uuiwmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Bj4uuiwmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TkNx3PxSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TkNx3PxSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31saBCq2iDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31saBCq2iDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rl9p7Hf6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rl9p7Hf6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rrbsSvESL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rrbsSvESL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rvUQ06QmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rvUQ06QmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Kn9D8a0XL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Kn9D8a0XL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xE-i52tCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xE-i52tCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NqmFIEG%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NqmFIEG%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31k5IZwb53L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31k5IZwb53L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/214lTflOjEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/214lTflOjEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31uMSjAmViL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31uMSjAmViL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21sGKsLva%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21sGKsLva%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iarkBvixL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iarkBvixL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41J-qyeXoDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41J-qyeXoDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pwgnDlrRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pwgnDlrRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21WpwF93q0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21WpwF93q0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31J3oKGS0rL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31J3oKGS0rL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31BQ-J2re6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31BQ-J2re6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31HgN%2BVTVVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31HgN%2BVTVVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gCiwfrcLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gCiwfrcLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:3519 - 54.085235118866 - 0.74846601486206
dbtime:93784 - 28.29364991188 - 0.37246370315552 - 1283
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21kewxXFgjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21kewxXFgjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318ltEoezUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318ltEoezUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jWLbq6w4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jWLbq6w4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ty5-dc5UL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ty5-dc5UL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31YKgGgXqyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31YKgGgXqyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51XBBCeqsZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51XBBCeqsZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lRlA2m6xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lRlA2m6xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31AP-JZsvNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31AP-JZsvNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417R4WPhyNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417R4WPhyNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FEZYxw4LL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FEZYxw4LL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qU-%2Bct7SL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qU-%2Bct7SL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411Ys3wJOvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411Ys3wJOvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4120VZeU1iL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4120VZeU1iL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zodSd2aeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zodSd2aeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gtFtdxtkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gtFtdxtkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415E2sR6nRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415E2sR6nRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Av3haoORL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Av3haoORL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41g2XyZ3NHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41g2XyZ3NHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Rkl1yMM3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Rkl1yMM3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31omieEw80L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31omieEw80L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41h5p--tGXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41h5p--tGXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41luQaTFdCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41luQaTFdCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31cEMCxin3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31cEMCxin3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51kptkgjHFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51kptkgjHFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21S1%2BMXJp0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21S1%2BMXJp0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WWJPxCk3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WWJPxCk3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hyWlTBKqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hyWlTBKqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cz%2BCowQ0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cz%2BCowQ0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wy5HL1BgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wy5HL1BgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DGVTsWpyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DGVTsWpyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41o6%2BHfloUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41o6%2BHfloUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31dFl9f%2B3aL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31dFl9f%2B3aL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nT6PhpW1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nT6PhpW1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31sQcDLnPrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31sQcDLnPrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FjD5dctGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FjD5dctGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bSqJIJJtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bSqJIJJtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31eqxgzQF-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31eqxgzQF-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/219rftd3FNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/219rftd3FNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PQXgpsIsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PQXgpsIsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51cUcM7X4OL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51cUcM7X4OL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31v4wfKYppL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31v4wfKYppL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21uPRDukHwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21uPRDukHwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AcPqtDsWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AcPqtDsWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51h6e-RVeyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51h6e-RVeyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31V6FwMTuxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31V6FwMTuxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CuW98DyQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CuW98DyQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vQf7Bb8lL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vQf7Bb8lL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41t0ozabR8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41t0ozabR8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:3570 - 54.872398138046 - 0.78703594207764
dbtime:95061 - 28.685082435608 - 0.39143252372742 - 1277
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511oSJt6HaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511oSJt6HaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fbZljj8gL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fbZljj8gL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gO2o5XKwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gO2o5XKwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410%2BD9h03hL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410%2BD9h03hL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HMSciIgeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HMSciIgeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410WauuKBaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410WauuKBaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sp-NLiAYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sp-NLiAYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oqiCRyoeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oqiCRyoeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31mc-uJ9AeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31mc-uJ9AeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zAO-fnv9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zAO-fnv9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oYao08JVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oYao08JVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41foU6oMIWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41foU6oMIWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412NDf3iLVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412NDf3iLVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31E7MZGAuvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31E7MZGAuvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51EIdDH2QtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51EIdDH2QtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318gxA-w-OL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318gxA-w-OL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wect9Xa2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wect9Xa2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3143bNR21kL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3143bNR21kL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31F5lnY9q2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31F5lnY9q2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ZwAdG3GJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ZwAdG3GJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415iepxxBgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415iepxxBgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11jnNGSCoZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11jnNGSCoZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CGoVIbH6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CGoVIbH6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311IY1tHJML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311IY1tHJML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FtNLhpuDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FtNLhpuDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21VlxpIlkDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21VlxpIlkDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31OCJ1ttKdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31OCJ1ttKdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nUb332zmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nUb332zmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RADVakaiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RADVakaiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QGy9wTJaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QGy9wTJaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51-JAe8M50L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51-JAe8M50L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Aa9UIdQ6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Aa9UIdQ6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41m%2B6K2fauL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41m%2B6K2fauL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4176a3BkVVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4176a3BkVVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31j8jhI%2BrUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31j8jhI%2BrUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EJMPpXqRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EJMPpXqRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51RbzlnXbnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51RbzlnXbnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oRDr%2BXouL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oRDr%2BXouL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Wfyq2ShBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Wfyq2ShBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21gdHY8kzXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21gdHY8kzXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jrJZ7CofL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jrJZ7CofL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31sxHJq9lgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31sxHJq9lgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31r23EGJ5sL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31r23EGJ5sL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31sSk1rqWFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31sSk1rqWFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZK0hxbHaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZK0hxbHaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31BRf3CwJfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31BRf3CwJfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jQw-SUHDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jQw-SUHDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KrHNTbkLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KrHNTbkLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qOShrpZ5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qOShrpZ5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31YzU6BE6nL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31YzU6BE6nL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:3621 - 55.691440105438 - 0.81896209716797
dbtime:96347 - 29.132117986679 - 0.44703555107117 - 1286
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JF-KJQ7jL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JF-KJQ7jL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wKfCEjcBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wKfCEjcBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xA1fX6TjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xA1fX6TjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416-EvkrbzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416-EvkrbzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ByGiQhoJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ByGiQhoJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RC7VGtUiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RC7VGtUiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31g99BWECUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31g99BWECUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31GW3IzgjfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31GW3IzgjfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ogPEzQSwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ogPEzQSwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51gQftwHNEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51gQftwHNEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IkgkS4GFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IkgkS4GFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DUX8ZsiaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DUX8ZsiaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315wWICeEIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315wWICeEIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wu09GyWqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wu09GyWqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cBGSEdJZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cBGSEdJZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BRtyTHMwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BRtyTHMwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iJkxlA8rL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iJkxlA8rL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31nar3mSX8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31nar3mSX8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RCthutNTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RCthutNTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BSyuu3QML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BSyuu3QML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fnDr7DOKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fnDr7DOKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JX5QOyURL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JX5QOyURL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ohxSMILFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ohxSMILFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HSclsafLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HSclsafLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fH7qVsTqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fH7qVsTqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411fD9h8POL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411fD9h8POL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fpJ%2BKtrPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fpJ%2BKtrPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41i43Sv5poL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41i43Sv5poL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41E-mX541gL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41E-mX541gL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51zD3usi0IL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51zD3usi0IL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LFzOI26tL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LFzOI26tL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5196avr6FyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5196avr6FyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318rNprFjpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318rNprFjpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WZJlZL7GL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WZJlZL7GL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41a9fLDPtVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41a9fLDPtVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410Je8PUVjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410Je8PUVjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Bio8bEYYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Bio8bEYYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WLpHYMdCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WLpHYMdCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41h0fmX61nL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41h0fmX61nL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jDqNs1opL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jDqNs1opL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31cY%2BGsc38L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31cY%2BGsc38L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rIjq8i8TL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rIjq8i8TL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310FnGVM4QL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310FnGVM4QL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313sTk0FB7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313sTk0FB7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51zBM1nzVyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51zBM1nzVyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TNiNGyS%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TNiNGyS%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XO5YssfkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XO5YssfkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:3672 - 56.449001073837 - 0.75744104385376
dbtime:97635 - 29.522998332977 - 0.39088034629822 - 1288
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BqqEOCtuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BqqEOCtuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417zWt0LviL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417zWt0LviL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21Hx4dr7W0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21Hx4dr7W0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41w-tHPYTvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41w-tHPYTvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MKsHbCzvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MKsHbCzvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31doknaxp0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31doknaxp0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ie7SYkXvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ie7SYkXvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ZlzUx01RL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ZlzUx01RL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MSTRZ2ZdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MSTRZ2ZdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CytneUAQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CytneUAQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RNVelSkcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RNVelSkcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XsXJUqqGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XsXJUqqGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sjA-z3ZLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sjA-z3ZLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fuJ9hirCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fuJ9hirCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SzmivcJ%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SzmivcJ%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317DsKBtKJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317DsKBtKJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Vtc30htcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Vtc30htcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31O5IYsCTyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31O5IYsCTyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ILITzFCGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ILITzFCGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51T8E6YHp%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51T8E6YHp%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eX7Iak9pL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eX7Iak9pL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21tAsv3JbdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21tAsv3JbdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51mumWGJBeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51mumWGJBeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rZBDVS7AL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rZBDVS7AL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31yKf1ImBvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31yKf1ImBvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IVo-UDJDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IVo-UDJDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Ufg5q2uhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Ufg5q2uhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41C1yj8qXML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41C1yj8qXML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FivQli%2BAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FivQli%2BAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-jcJiDqOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-jcJiDqOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21c1jhGFeRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21c1jhGFeRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xK2ChsY3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xK2ChsY3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Muyfvt32L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Muyfvt32L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GXjn8cT9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GXjn8cT9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51NMaoFRT9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51NMaoFRT9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jL-bS2v5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jL-bS2v5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OUQAkKL6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OUQAkKL6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31W4Rv3yT6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31W4Rv3yT6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 3741 , wrong column number : 59 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61r5tJjI8oL_liki.gif cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61r5tJjI8oL._SL160__liki.gif cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vdghGobqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vdghGobqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/2168HuDBOkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/2168HuDBOkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hT-6AHPyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hT-6AHPyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31n4x6ZkDlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31n4x6ZkDlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UyDwzFoML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UyDwzFoML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41K1fnxdpZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41K1fnxdpZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vd6UIzayL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vd6UIzayL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21TCYSgOKpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21TCYSgOKpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11xeC-s5-OL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11xeC-s5-OL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51preeH2DJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51preeH2DJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:3723 - 57.209412097931 - 0.76029396057129
dbtime:98939 - 29.902982234955 - 0.37998390197754 - 1304
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hNtxDKcyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hNtxDKcyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41u8c3FEPoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41u8c3FEPoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417QyXOAtlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417QyXOAtlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41doAqFnYRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41doAqFnYRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41guM-un9ZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41guM-un9ZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jDPHadb2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jDPHadb2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/212o3vv3w8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/212o3vv3w8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414dnsioieL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414dnsioieL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Pm0m%2B%2B4wL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Pm0m%2B%2B4wL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51yQdEyMFjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51yQdEyMFjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hiuwt6O8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hiuwt6O8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-hzc3%2Bv0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-hzc3%2Bv0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4130P7fzUrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4130P7fzUrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dgST4cr1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dgST4cr1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xogXZ3OHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xogXZ3OHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415PyrQImCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415PyrQImCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417ATM7uyEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417ATM7uyEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416GJgKfPGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416GJgKfPGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41byWIXjSVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41byWIXjSVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414s7JrWT6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414s7JrWT6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wR-2GYgpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wR-2GYgpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418engyjstL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418engyjstL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zBEZa36LL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zBEZa36LL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31z33IYpUML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31z33IYpUML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21RykPGyD8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21RykPGyD8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cW5XvLFvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cW5XvLFvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tKmyhm7EL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tKmyhm7EL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411Mt86VrgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411Mt86VrgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Q7%2B1prY6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Q7%2B1prY6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31w6ub46ixL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31w6ub46ixL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EjSlzdmHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EjSlzdmHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qP4%2BOu34L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qP4%2BOu34L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51KzEOUNCNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51KzEOUNCNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rF1WMdU-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rF1WMdU-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21P2Mkt%2BdWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21P2Mkt%2BdWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/213PZBty8-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/213PZBty8-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dUSzpGwDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dUSzpGwDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21CpFTrzV6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21CpFTrzV6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ahOkkDGrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ahOkkDGrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BOSVbHONL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BOSVbHONL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31GFz49FTZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31GFz49FTZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41x-dxyMrRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41x-dxyMrRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21gdD4WcEQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21gdD4WcEQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31W3GfpqiXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31W3GfpqiXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41S-I7OukNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41S-I7OukNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41On9I0GiXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41On9I0GiXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SgNLdYbkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SgNLdYbkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Y%2B2h3rEsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Y%2B2h3rEsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DZRvH%2B39L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DZRvH%2B39L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31YAt0%2BqsFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31YAt0%2BqsFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Nd2k%2Bi-JL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Nd2k%2Bi-JL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:3774 - 58.011057138443 - 0.80153203010559
dbtime:100215 - 30.309544801712 - 0.4065625667572 - 1276
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51wE%2BRp9jjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51wE%2BRp9jjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41S5y12-P8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41S5y12-P8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41e0RcbbZXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41e0RcbbZXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CdyHPl5JL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CdyHPl5JL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pE4x0NCHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pE4x0NCHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IsKyXcGJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IsKyXcGJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sYFi9-0HL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sYFi9-0HL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fGKFEPL9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fGKFEPL9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Za6eEBCRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Za6eEBCRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vRMWktsPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vRMWktsPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pxSl1yNpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pxSl1yNpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51LS1jI3hzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51LS1jI3hzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316QMmdwdLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316QMmdwdLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qBGTbiTHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qBGTbiTHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51SigKIeskL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51SigKIeskL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31E9HrAKBBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31E9HrAKBBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZXs-i1bfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZXs-i1bfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Xjz7s2U7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Xjz7s2U7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21fHtBbePjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21fHtBbePjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31j569cRsFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31j569cRsFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410gKq1ukxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410gKq1ukxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jz021vw0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jz021vw0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iuhbIuboL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iuhbIuboL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Wkzy4FK1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Wkzy4FK1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51bBxVR40CL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51bBxVR40CL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/513gQrXDnZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/513gQrXDnZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jOchnsNgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jOchnsNgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51F7zbGPF8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51F7zbGPF8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BRsd9oO6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BRsd9oO6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51bncQpwqlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51bncQpwqlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q0xVTrAXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q0xVTrAXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ijOrHBYqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ijOrHBYqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-Hho-9a9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-Hho-9a9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31y8ZzfEbtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31y8ZzfEbtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jyDLJdVWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jyDLJdVWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/218gMpOaFRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/218gMpOaFRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41khOwAKEGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41khOwAKEGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11FEKMhxnpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11FEKMhxnpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11nlzpcnbAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11nlzpcnbAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51z3ULGBysL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51z3ULGBysL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51yWynbmzrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51yWynbmzrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DyNC8e0vL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DyNC8e0vL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41J08MEE2gL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41J08MEE2gL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FHCmvuWqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FHCmvuWqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51JIUW0amoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51JIUW0amoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2B9hDIaygL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2B9hDIaygL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51wogM8XeFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51wogM8XeFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21WhSttVyWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21WhSttVyWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SikD6TUIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SikD6TUIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:3825 - 58.822685003281 - 0.81146597862244
dbtime:101518 - 30.724095582962 - 0.41455078125 - 1303
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kXKJhjKKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kXKJhjKKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31GLbLg-4pL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31GLbLg-4pL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ommywL1vL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ommywL1vL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NWSbyJP4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NWSbyJP4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bUFUJUEIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bUFUJUEIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Nqwww8G%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Nqwww8G%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21C954A32ML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21C954A32ML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313QqlUZj9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313QqlUZj9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21qDOR5-O5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21qDOR5-O5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dAt9jAN%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dAt9jAN%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314VKjVQTPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314VKjVQTPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21fmPqIUnQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21fmPqIUnQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412CIK%2B%2BBhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412CIK%2B%2BBhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31StM9ZJHPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31StM9ZJHPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11MeCZCJCIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11MeCZCJCIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51SB4ayqCFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51SB4ayqCFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51RWFDIFF6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51RWFDIFF6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gXdh%2B1w8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gXdh%2B1w8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WpmUpvCaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WpmUpvCaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31U28I5-KFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31U28I5-KFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314HQePvvgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314HQePvvgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oh-EoijJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oh-EoijJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417llr%2B4b8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417llr%2B4b8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21NOfGUB9YL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21NOfGUB9YL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31dyROuaOFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31dyROuaOFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/516Zb7R%2B3GL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/516Zb7R%2B3GL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11Vk275W5iL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11Vk275W5iL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zKRuGfsfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zKRuGfsfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RzOHiwSsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RzOHiwSsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51X2uiMvSOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51X2uiMvSOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31D1AtnAENL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31D1AtnAENL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31BIqhwnr6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31BIqhwnr6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JrvGE4xYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JrvGE4xYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/517i9HBjoDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/517i9HBjoDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pE4x0NCHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pE4x0NCHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TSJML8EYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TSJML8EYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31sXZDCvgvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31sXZDCvgvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ZxYS41NHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ZxYS41NHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310aVhU7OQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310aVhU7OQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 3896 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/210-zEs-uZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/210-zEs-uZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411dXFf9h3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411dXFf9h3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31T0EcgWKqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31T0EcgWKqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41x%2B1QiVwVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41x%2B1QiVwVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CyqqbjuSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CyqqbjuSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bgwuj-OvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bgwuj-OvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/218SAol48zL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/218SAol48zL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41G%2BF9zJ25L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41G%2BF9zJ25L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ctA95ydHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ctA95ydHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418piHmfsUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418piHmfsUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31n0luXSseL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31n0luXSseL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gcO3d6K0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gcO3d6K0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:3876 - 59.649965047836 - 0.82716488838196
dbtime:102799 - 31.178303718567 - 0.45420813560486 - 1281
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Y87CB7cRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Y87CB7cRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312-2tfjUaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312-2tfjUaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41s5NukJtHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41s5NukJtHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31d7dNSzjzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31d7dNSzjzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vPZZZ3b-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vPZZZ3b-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21pYCMM%2BOBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21pYCMM%2BOBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21mpEqw53DL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21mpEqw53DL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31deR1zBlOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31deR1zBlOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31DsMIggEuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31DsMIggEuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316klXQGD1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316klXQGD1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21IizR5s39L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21IizR5s39L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Wa2%2BTmG3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Wa2%2BTmG3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/218XD6RNoXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/218XD6RNoXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3168AfzgepL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3168AfzgepL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21CTb6hCYZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21CTb6hCYZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QYLYy3C9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QYLYy3C9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31BjhUbMcUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31BjhUbMcUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31cinbWJf0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31cinbWJf0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51MqsG8JxDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51MqsG8JxDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311UpGGhHbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311UpGGhHbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31aSpGLsatL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31aSpGLsatL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BvAu5b-FL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BvAu5b-FL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31BbA7xO%2BWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31BbA7xO%2BWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Gfll37X5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Gfll37X5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RDLUrHbiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RDLUrHbiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31dNwNlBPXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31dNwNlBPXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Ujj7LN%2B2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Ujj7LN%2B2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xx%2BrhRjhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xx%2BrhRjhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-2ous2BwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-2ous2BwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31h%2BoZsH0OL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31h%2BoZsH0OL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vk8LjgW6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vk8LjgW6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31k7lJ0D8YL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31k7lJ0D8YL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ZvxeRrBiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ZvxeRrBiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tGN02QJdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tGN02QJdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Xs2wBwjWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Xs2wBwjWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31C5tiItfJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31C5tiItfJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Yt%2BPfsYML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Yt%2BPfsYML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gyN6FP54L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gyN6FP54L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vtdxb-82L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vtdxb-82L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Pjy2o8ObL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Pjy2o8ObL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Q0wTZ0biL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Q0wTZ0biL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LFHAFfHtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LFHAFfHtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RdsPFU1vL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RdsPFU1vL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31clDmJVlcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31clDmJVlcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319J150UIVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319J150UIVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11sZ0zVkNeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11sZ0zVkNeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jEZC2h2qL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jEZC2h2qL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31M01UTWwRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31M01UTWwRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:3927 - 60.447465181351 - 0.79742097854614
dbtime:104087 - 31.577964782715 - 0.39966106414795 - 1288
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FoJqPpwsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FoJqPpwsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315mes-RcbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315mes-RcbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21oUT3%2B1%2BAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21oUT3%2B1%2BAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pqPqxGFSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pqPqxGFSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31eLWzVedqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31eLWzVedqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31393dVYCVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31393dVYCVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31j6Z7W4LgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31j6Z7W4LgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hXzq9gV5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hXzq9gV5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Eci34woYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Eci34woYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41L%2Br0px7RL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41L%2Br0px7RL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51SuLzeX2NL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51SuLzeX2NL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CtzorM8bL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CtzorM8bL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jHurgMT1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jHurgMT1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ArHYuyy3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ArHYuyy3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4135aGDex7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4135aGDex7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41E-GHcoqEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41E-GHcoqEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416Tuv2ds3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416Tuv2ds3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MTsK22v1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MTsK22v1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YSOM-zmdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YSOM-zmdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BfEhtqhVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BfEhtqhVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uktrDC7lL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uktrDC7lL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oSnOY3nCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oSnOY3nCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ZvF7K3fHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ZvF7K3fHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415%2BMF9ZITL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415%2BMF9ZITL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gLtNa5f0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gLtNa5f0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51GeA7-2HPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51GeA7-2HPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Kuji-kt7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Kuji-kt7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Tbh-VkEcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Tbh-VkEcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fJ9BEya3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fJ9BEya3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/513aD4%2BlGwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/513aD4%2BlGwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yhxxrusAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yhxxrusAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rroX5%2B3fL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rroX5%2B3fL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RN86M123L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RN86M123L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xV2IX2ThL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xV2IX2ThL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:3978 - 61.253308057785 - 0.80576086044312
dbtime:105558 - 31.986724853516 - 0.40876007080078 - 1471
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415WUAOJubL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415WUAOJubL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51corH4nYUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51corH4nYUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Y1BjKD2oL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Y1BjKD2oL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xCzULKOoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xCzULKOoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51bPxJiS0JL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51bPxJiS0JL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TghBzs6XL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TghBzs6XL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41c1g6oiG%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41c1g6oiG%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zHVsFiTSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zHVsFiTSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zvmb1dS1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zvmb1dS1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41srR9GmcBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41srR9GmcBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Y5FQDJNWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Y5FQDJNWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41U17u-kkxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41U17u-kkxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AU85%2BnMFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AU85%2BnMFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415rHY9Lo1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415rHY9Lo1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Hz5uPt10L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Hz5uPt10L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41F7Q63XPVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41F7Q63XPVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2B8lTeyneL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2B8lTeyneL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lWC3WXL-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lWC3WXL-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51i9TXzrtNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51i9TXzrtNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21msFIamb5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21msFIamb5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sSmyNUuRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sSmyNUuRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zYpzFg4xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zYpzFg4xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lEswV8yIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lEswV8yIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BjDGl%2BNoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BjDGl%2BNoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ECG0feeoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ECG0feeoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416chgPbMFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416chgPbMFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pIXB78TOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pIXB78TOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/518DOP65BYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/518DOP65BYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pSpn4zbTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pSpn4zbTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cxHA7MktL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cxHA7MktL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MbsV0f1SL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MbsV0f1SL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416p1ZevafL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416p1ZevafL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:4029 - 62.25225520134 - 0.99877119064331
dbtime:107066 - 32.500839710236 - 0.51411485671997 - 1508
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kGk2FRSuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kGk2FRSuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fEwmhreoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fEwmhreoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-5RqJFUaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-5RqJFUaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417oovpS8XL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417oovpS8XL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419%2BY73sO%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419%2BY73sO%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TMFKDOUcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TMFKDOUcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51wvUCi3e%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51wvUCi3e%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21EFiW63cyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21EFiW63cyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419K4iQdB1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419K4iQdB1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QFi36NH3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QFi36NH3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lMYDXjkZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lMYDXjkZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yPLWJUZgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yPLWJUZgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51GLzFD%2B4sL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51GLzFD%2B4sL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nuahTho7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nuahTho7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418uMmK2nXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418uMmK2nXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BBYGzuZdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BBYGzuZdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QgPz6Nu-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QgPz6Nu-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kNNw1dp%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kNNw1dp%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rR6vEtruL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rR6vEtruL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dmKIw8YcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dmKIw8YcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kVF4O7PSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kVF4O7PSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41j-61FOmEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41j-61FOmEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VXGaB80mL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VXGaB80mL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jvbN%2BJu9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jvbN%2BJu9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41u2VmK8AGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41u2VmK8AGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KISzAri4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KISzAri4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41p%2BMjiP0BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41p%2BMjiP0BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hbQSkaNxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hbQSkaNxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21-KO42OR-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21-KO42OR-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41V2bt8AD2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41V2bt8AD2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XMY-dOp6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XMY-dOp6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41aFUdG400L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41aFUdG400L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31eGXaeCPKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31eGXaeCPKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WZ4IXzdOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WZ4IXzdOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41D5rI1dO1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41D5rI1dO1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51HMWXKtWoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51HMWXKtWoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/516Hf1vipoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/516Hf1vipoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51md9iW6smL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51md9iW6smL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Vpz1F0T-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Vpz1F0T-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31clDmJVlcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31clDmJVlcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31lcxsCncEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31lcxsCncEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2B-mn24yKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2B-mn24yKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gyN6FP54L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gyN6FP54L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21q120wwXML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21q120wwXML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:4080 - 63.051131010056 - 0.79879784584045
dbtime:108432 - 32.922076940536 - 0.4212372303009 - 1366
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kVF4O7PSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kVF4O7PSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UzpIxEP7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UzpIxEP7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jEZC2h2qL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31jEZC2h2qL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wKMbKwXuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wKMbKwXuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fNazrL8vL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fNazrL8vL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51WWJfW4f%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51WWJfW4f%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UTyozz3UL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UTyozz3UL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GgMkY9dHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GgMkY9dHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41n5wotGaeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41n5wotGaeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511S-ihGhwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511S-ihGhwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21wFh0PZlsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21wFh0PZlsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21V50kcZg8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21V50kcZg8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dxplQIUZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dxplQIUZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51o6TMaL19L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51o6TMaL19L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Hlne%2BaZXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Hlne%2BaZXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51XfmW8T9%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51XfmW8T9%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fJCWNYJQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fJCWNYJQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21Us%2Bexg3yL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21Us%2Bexg3yL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314ox-oIk7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314ox-oIk7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bjWx7tJAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bjWx7tJAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21LtPZfkDvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21LtPZfkDvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31h%2B3UlgDFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31h%2B3UlgDFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21cnNrR1H8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21cnNrR1H8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316QPDP0esL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/316QPDP0esL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hCkxWUW4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hCkxWUW4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TEUasvaHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31TEUasvaHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oWow%2BWDGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oWow%2BWDGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21lk7IdvyqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21lk7IdvyqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FkoJqyN3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FkoJqyN3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vcwWbQfCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vcwWbQfCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315czTlYPWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315czTlYPWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312IuTOFhnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312IuTOFhnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51WSLNHfppL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51WSLNHfppL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319vUa0N4rL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319vUa0N4rL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31q6g96zZGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31q6g96zZGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51hRx911myL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51hRx911myL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-qjsHR4AL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-qjsHR4AL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21duNWGgLEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21duNWGgLEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xrdF2thxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xrdF2thxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Xt8QvZ4lL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Xt8QvZ4lL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31t%2BUqUPLdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31t%2BUqUPLdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KQaKMPc4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KQaKMPc4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ZGHjwCTTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ZGHjwCTTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31e-Vk4cUoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31e-Vk4cUoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XI0CsIpzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31XI0CsIpzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oJ4Pxc6GL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31oJ4Pxc6GL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NquURXw1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NquURXw1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315zf4mdmGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315zf4mdmGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31huKo7ZSiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31huKo7ZSiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wN7o-1c1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wN7o-1c1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:4131 - 63.717279195786 - 0.66606712341309
dbtime:109725 - 33.252381086349 - 0.33030414581299 - 1293
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ghmFxzQKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ghmFxzQKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314jAQisWDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314jAQisWDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Mt9bRRg5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Mt9bRRg5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31B53Yd2c1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31B53Yd2c1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Q1pbo12yL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Q1pbo12yL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31uGE%2Bp7D0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31uGE%2Bp7D0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4199ZvonizL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4199ZvonizL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21EdNc81cfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21EdNc81cfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41H2bCmkj0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41H2bCmkj0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VbQv-Ye8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VbQv-Ye8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SnZNGRHaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SnZNGRHaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4115480wcXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4115480wcXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Ey94psbVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Ey94psbVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CVMejni3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CVMejni3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qk9CoxWRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qk9CoxWRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31c1yayXMuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31c1yayXMuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51FLnh%2BdtqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51FLnh%2BdtqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/518ZxwX%2BuVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/518ZxwX%2BuVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-Kc2I3i9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-Kc2I3i9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ho56bgjvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ho56bgjvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NOQd3uFbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NOQd3uFbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31S11VmsvCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31S11VmsvCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IYJt%2B5NiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31IYJt%2B5NiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-dJ5FGthL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-dJ5FGthL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ia0ytRwZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ia0ytRwZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51kjIPxDQ3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51kjIPxDQ3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iQN5enHvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iQN5enHvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41THFwtVJeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41THFwtVJeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Wo1b1PSEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Wo1b1PSEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Wt-L0CvsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Wt-L0CvsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vlzwVvUwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vlzwVvUwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319KG1C9tdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319KG1C9tdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CV0lkJrZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CV0lkJrZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MWWR6YXQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MWWR6YXQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21AKkrqMmOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21AKkrqMmOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31nlNv9V16L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31nlNv9V16L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CtdcmDkwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CtdcmDkwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hNWZ-xgyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31hNWZ-xgyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11Mo8eYWfwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11Mo8eYWfwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51wG9A7zcyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51wG9A7zcyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31UH2eoaYPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31UH2eoaYPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31OPz6jq-8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31OPz6jq-8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vIhW9It8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vIhW9It8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310hamq3XTL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310hamq3XTL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319LdsmkIVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319LdsmkIVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31a988GQ9tL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31a988GQ9tL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417jcRAFBhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417jcRAFBhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Sl-Zleq2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Sl-Zleq2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MvOKqhuRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MvOKqhuRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QOK9not1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QOK9not1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:4182 - 64.396633148193 - 0.67926907539368
dbtime:111012 - 33.576035737991 - 0.32365465164185 - 1287
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Ml0rlDY%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Ml0rlDY%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JJZpv2%2BLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JJZpv2%2BLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FFPc8E6BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FFPc8E6BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31od04ye-IL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31od04ye-IL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wlx71B0PL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wlx71B0PL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31VLXlZgl0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31VLXlZgl0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pyDMkSyfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pyDMkSyfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RvI3uC1SL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RvI3uC1SL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315IPenzoOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315IPenzoOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31taEybUnuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31taEybUnuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lbdkUnSOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lbdkUnSOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fNARdpXxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fNARdpXxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51GLwb15xEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51GLwb15xEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FxbMyYxaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FxbMyYxaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412oTe4YZIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412oTe4YZIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JDaEc3MOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JDaEc3MOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NMk7baNDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NMk7baNDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31UQtM72RqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31UQtM72RqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HF1wUidxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HF1wUidxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31aP4zjqyWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31aP4zjqyWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NUc-YKhYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NUc-YKhYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SQkMBrz%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SQkMBrz%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ByaQj1IJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ByaQj1IJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51i8tHziv%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51i8tHziv%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31I1v-FerrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31I1v-FerrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xmxIVdt-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xmxIVdt-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SLuGhteWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SLuGhteWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sVsvkuRCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sVsvkuRCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EQkSYHK7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31EQkSYHK7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yu4aJF9QL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yu4aJF9QL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Z1ZYs%2BAvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Z1ZYs%2BAvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3157kPBnuoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3157kPBnuoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qZX8xcA5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qZX8xcA5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Y-67GbxhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Y-67GbxhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FgGClJwWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FgGClJwWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41l8EU%2BNVvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41l8EU%2BNVvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WNDrilV%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WNDrilV%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416do%2BuJHUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416do%2BuJHUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51TBu1XOvtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51TBu1XOvtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sHms66%2BsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sHms66%2BsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21%2B-sli5%2BOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21%2B-sli5%2BOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Zd%2B5RV87L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Zd%2B5RV87L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31klAVy8qsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31klAVy8qsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JUqeRw3cL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JUqeRw3cL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PGkwc4JOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PGkwc4JOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-XgGUXQGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-XgGUXQGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41N%2BsiMcVmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41N%2BsiMcVmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/517VkfV364L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/517VkfV364L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4116rpjghWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4116rpjghWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KEyC-ziSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KEyC-ziSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4177jQuYEzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4177jQuYEzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:4233 - 65.272076129913 - 0.87535500526428
dbtime:112291 - 34.030355453491 - 0.45431971549988 - 1279
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31foptOkGCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31foptOkGCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OdHEvJklL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41OdHEvJklL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31dRUW2YmmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31dRUW2YmmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41m3JgL0z-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41m3JgL0z-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ONuQ7c9AL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ONuQ7c9AL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hsWQYjQnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41hsWQYjQnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qaSJo-k8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qaSJo-k8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41M3yaafmFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41M3yaafmFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31cECGyKKRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31cECGyKKRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21UJc1oG97L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21UJc1oG97L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WVhcBm3HL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WVhcBm3HL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414MVzYWdEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414MVzYWdEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qAP2HW8eL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qAP2HW8eL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41B7qO3RYKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41B7qO3RYKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31sL80ORgfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31sL80ORgfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FysooX8hL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FysooX8hL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BVmeBBDAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BVmeBBDAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pDDta2HzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pDDta2HzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21NHZ01G2KL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21NHZ01G2KL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31P488EGeQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31P488EGeQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51j3qU7sF8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51j3qU7sF8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CQKe1M1tL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31CQKe1M1tL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21JdbHKBlxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21JdbHKBlxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317dgTAs3PL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317dgTAs3PL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31YgH5LU9lL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31YgH5LU9lL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31e5eniBH1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31e5eniBH1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21vWd7dSQbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21vWd7dSQbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iZ0CB8JOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iZ0CB8JOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BtOUAQqGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BtOUAQqGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BX0S3Pr3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BX0S3Pr3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41R9ns7%2B16L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41R9ns7%2B16L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21xcimsirNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21xcimsirNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41idyaaUo1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41idyaaUo1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21EoyFCdvEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21EoyFCdvEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BHluDyeNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BHluDyeNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tMB25TBQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tMB25TBQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31mmbtE-amL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31mmbtE-amL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iceLIhUhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iceLIhUhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51fnjip0UFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51fnjip0UFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gTVZ4M68L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31gTVZ4M68L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31H-PApvT%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31H-PApvT%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51t7-z2zgeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51t7-z2zgeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KIfkovQ-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KIfkovQ-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41reBf3a%2BpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41reBf3a%2BpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/81ylLEws3qL_liki.gif cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/81ylLEws3qL._SL160__liki.gif cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61oOnrRY%2BZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61oOnrRY%2BZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RfPZ378ZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RfPZ378ZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31v6ISalbwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31v6ISalbwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mfaq2l95L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mfaq2l95L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21p4ukOx1ML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21p4ukOx1ML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:4284 - 66.044510126114 - 0.77232599258423
dbtime:113589 - 34.425491094589 - 0.39513564109802 - 1298
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31DPx3jScXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31DPx3jScXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31t5oSe20WL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31t5oSe20WL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-T1X8sgKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-T1X8sgKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Al81n3mDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Al81n3mDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SQIWa5wEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SQIWa5wEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BfKzaNeoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2BfKzaNeoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RINN6vr0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31RINN6vr0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rSW493QxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rSW493QxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31t8HDU4NzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31t8HDU4NzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Fchc6VXOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Fchc6VXOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41s3H5X%2Bk8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41s3H5X%2Bk8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418f7r3nGdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/418f7r3nGdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51nnj%2BQgIsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51nnj%2BQgIsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511zBMouwZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511zBMouwZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Is6zPxb-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Is6zPxb-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51PmBzkYIZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51PmBzkYIZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MZQBMU-xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MZQBMU-xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21YQdQ0m2QL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21YQdQ0m2QL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ZvNQVqT0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ZvNQVqT0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21rnuunrhrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21rnuunrhrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tBv68gO3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tBv68gO3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31B7rc9kfiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31B7rc9kfiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mbjTNqLNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41mbjTNqLNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41im7aiQ33L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41im7aiQ33L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VOGrVBwVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VOGrVBwVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Uaxxc%2BAmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Uaxxc%2BAmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41v325N4lLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41v325N4lLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pqRCFs4RL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pqRCFs4RL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bKgHoHhrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bKgHoHhrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UJtM2nUyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UJtM2nUyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11AOPC5K66L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11AOPC5K66L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21B41Yn61gL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21B41Yn61gL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416hYYrtL2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416hYYrtL2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QbbRxgonL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QbbRxgonL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41N0rwmtaLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41N0rwmtaLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41U-JxC9CuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41U-JxC9CuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Pv2W51jpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Pv2W51jpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312ZCEszldL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312ZCEszldL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XXrsXskcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XXrsXskcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DKViV0oPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DKViV0oPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411kp4Vl72L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411kp4Vl72L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414tnFO3UvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414tnFO3UvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419LvHNQZBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419LvHNQZBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412uBrFzyjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412uBrFzyjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-H0tt6tNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-H0tt6tNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21gqX7FjqoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21gqX7FjqoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21oPwn2Or3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21oPwn2Or3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ex3ML-MVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ex3ML-MVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/510qdyBU19L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/510qdyBU19L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:4335 - 66.809427976608 - 0.76483988761902
dbtime:114891 - 34.82165312767 - 0.39616203308105 - 1302
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11rIRF-JHqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11rIRF-JHqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QiKsR%2Bv2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QiKsR%2Bv2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ib35a0k%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ib35a0k%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LLTeq-pGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LLTeq-pGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21vuAtmUoML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21vuAtmUoML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vJGu%2BN35L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vJGu%2BN35L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21ZHKtURAAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21ZHKtURAAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XE4eXPZOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XE4eXPZOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xlFajwD4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31xlFajwD4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XXPjk64BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XXPjk64BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21z7-J-dITL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21z7-J-dITL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zyCIa3M5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zyCIa3M5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fGoWzk2WL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fGoWzk2WL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31uvnHmiZdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31uvnHmiZdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414xDP5gfHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414xDP5gfHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21JXy9YkTaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21JXy9YkTaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/219ynxzLa5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/219ynxzLa5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11Ex9NiueRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11Ex9NiueRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41egKFdk4YL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41egKFdk4YL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415EqhswfKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415EqhswfKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41V02Lfxg-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41V02Lfxg-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bKYHzlZAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bKYHzlZAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319FbHcqYPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319FbHcqYPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LLTeq-pGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31LLTeq-pGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311Sno4KyLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311Sno4KyLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2Brj8mfzvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31%2Brj8mfzvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21%2BzJxNm7-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21%2BzJxNm7-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WeOgQLqfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WeOgQLqfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IjqHK9hrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IjqHK9hrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SQTD5n2DL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31SQTD5n2DL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Q2DBaTkqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Q2DBaTkqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lWC3WXL-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41lWC3WXL-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511Aee9KHSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/511Aee9KHSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41V4-y-a2JL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41V4-y-a2JL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410%2B4qelQ7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410%2B4qelQ7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tdwYoE%2BHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tdwYoE%2BHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51OT0udXSgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51OT0udXSgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51iPGZqJ%2BuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51iPGZqJ%2BuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318jMSGx03L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318jMSGx03L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wOEOfKwNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wOEOfKwNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31YmFfOOLzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31YmFfOOLzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21vbrnomwkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21vbrnomwkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TMcJt7XpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TMcJt7XpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31G3gAQKrKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31G3gAQKrKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iovOvcsiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iovOvcsiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dBRsYeyML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dBRsYeyML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cJzdafGvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cJzdafGvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:4386 - 67.552740097046 - 0.74322891235352
dbtime:116174 - 35.197499513626 - 0.37584638595581 - 1283
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gQEru-agL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gQEru-agL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kkR1rcRoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kkR1rcRoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51n%2B9EDq5OL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51n%2B9EDq5OL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41y%2BirTBdVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41y%2BirTBdVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41P2-oLDeRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41P2-oLDeRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rIZPD87xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rIZPD87xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UJ7Au4oDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UJ7Au4oDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41m%2Bvq05ZkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41m%2Bvq05ZkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21D6wqktpML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21D6wqktpML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HlL5e7ugL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HlL5e7ugL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GyjEMiHaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GyjEMiHaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ofEfU%2BqJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ofEfU%2BqJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JWMlSMdoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JWMlSMdoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51lakQlrq0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51lakQlrq0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21k8ACymTML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21k8ACymTML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31r09TL-REL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31r09TL-REL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ORMvBC5hL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ORMvBC5hL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gNe5x3fLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gNe5x3fLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YfyiMweSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YfyiMweSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TK1WRNv3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TK1WRNv3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21QxlKZBAkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21QxlKZBAkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pr2vbTO5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41pr2vbTO5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11Jqq5%2BYQdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11Jqq5%2BYQdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51HtbOfsPzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51HtbOfsPzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31en7LPllsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31en7LPllsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11Rb4A7AheL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11Rb4A7AheL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315T4pAJkGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/315T4pAJkGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31U%2B3C4DaVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31U%2B3C4DaVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419yF3w4uHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419yF3w4uHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41e9GNvaisL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41e9GNvaisL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11QTkmMQ%2B4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11QTkmMQ%2B4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wzcKXlEmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wzcKXlEmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XI7Znuy4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XI7Znuy4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NA89jD2gL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NA89jD2gL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419D-wXQzqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419D-wXQzqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319hhM0cAtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319hhM0cAtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UagksoNaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UagksoNaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LXdMuSi4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LXdMuSi4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41E4poaIdxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41E4poaIdxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21pptifRHxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21pptifRHxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xzQXFqspL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xzQXFqspL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21kxq4AVRAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21kxq4AVRAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UTyozz3UL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UTyozz3UL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HXi8H5bVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HXi8H5bVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Kc9jlGUjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Kc9jlGUjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tnI7HHyuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tnI7HHyuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314X6h8lBIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/314X6h8lBIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/514pDaCmqHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/514pDaCmqHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WPwktJFFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WPwktJFFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eaKBzHNLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eaKBzHNLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:4437 - 68.325657129288 - 0.77283596992493
dbtime:117455 - 35.593195199966 - 0.39569568634033 - 1281
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jKy7PPIdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41jKy7PPIdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qqadQLguL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qqadQLguL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IDpLT%2BRCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IDpLT%2BRCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LF1tUDbbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LF1tUDbbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dSwiPbKrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dSwiPbKrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tjvraoeaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tjvraoeaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21%2BwAl6L48L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21%2BwAl6L48L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31yjnYeeWhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31yjnYeeWhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31f0cm3vzyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31f0cm3vzyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319OkScMrEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319OkScMrEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31G9TlqoO0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31G9TlqoO0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QSDopmNpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31QSDopmNpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21KW9NfAEEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21KW9NfAEEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kSb6OgA4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31kSb6OgA4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11UJtKlieDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11UJtKlieDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21WhjW4PBhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21WhjW4PBhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31yetThu7WL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31yetThu7WL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rd0Nwq69L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rd0Nwq69L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zolEWUtML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zolEWUtML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313m6U%2B7w%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313m6U%2B7w%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21sUhQ7%2BSkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21sUhQ7%2BSkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11s7PnXuthL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11s7PnXuthL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/211XvQV2kYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/211XvQV2kYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qG%2BZpUggL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qG%2BZpUggL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11DjXS84Q7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11DjXS84Q7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31uRMAKU8cL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31uRMAKU8cL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Ld7RyBi7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Ld7RyBi7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5132fV0k0eL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5132fV0k0eL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tBjA8QTwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31tBjA8QTwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31r09TL-REL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31r09TL-REL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TK1WRNv3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TK1WRNv3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WXPBZz7zL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31WXPBZz7zL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11QTkmMQ%2B4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11QTkmMQ%2B4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21MRn3m4uJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21MRn3m4uJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RJn6mkYgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RJn6mkYgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dsCYm03DL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dsCYm03DL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31sRbdQIVVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31sRbdQIVVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iTRexPGcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iTRexPGcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/113sg-o06gL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/113sg-o06gL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zFYddpMtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zFYddpMtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rWoI9TLsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rWoI9TLsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21YjEmG%2BuWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21YjEmG%2BuWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Mqc7yZDoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Mqc7yZDoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MJPXp60PL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MJPXp60PL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41P-dbYR%2BML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41P-dbYR%2BML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311q0g9KbbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/311q0g9KbbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/117D6hnujrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/117D6hnujrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31s04uZh7QL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31s04uZh7QL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:4488 - 69.138743162155 - 0.8129711151123
dbtime:118744 - 36.047805547714 - 0.4546103477478 - 1289
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313zdfBKIpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/313zdfBKIpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dF01vT9dL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dF01vT9dL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41P9lC9%2BCkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41P9lC9%2BCkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vqEhe9L2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vqEhe9L2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zre9T4h7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zre9T4h7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51kH1sqc8DL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51kH1sqc8DL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zQ9rWzfrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zQ9rWzfrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bhM72piAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bhM72piAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51EmN-aXb3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51EmN-aXb3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51DI3GnVFCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51DI3GnVFCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41137s0aOBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41137s0aOBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wLUY4a6CL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wLUY4a6CL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51zIMExv0fL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51zIMExv0fL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41w2KaAuAGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41w2KaAuAGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41w1SuS6v0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41w1SuS6v0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21I-OpSj8VL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21I-OpSj8VL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QIwm0yOVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QIwm0yOVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NO9iwZfnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NO9iwZfnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41791DsNSkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41791DsNSkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cnGNvRdGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cnGNvRdGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nCaUzJGbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nCaUzJGbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31lqJ%2BFyIAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31lqJ%2BFyIAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41B57YvS9fL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41B57YvS9fL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BWFlYnDPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BWFlYnDPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oMLsP3HiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oMLsP3HiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31YQRRPhZxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31YQRRPhZxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ECNpvJA9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31ECNpvJA9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31OXq8omPSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31OXq8omPSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415H2rH52CL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415H2rH52CL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31c-5ok%2B%2BbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31c-5ok%2B%2BbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11%2B7aNInoiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11%2B7aNInoiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11CpD9TY2HL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11CpD9TY2HL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Q0Kpysz3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Q0Kpysz3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JN5I0DXmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JN5I0DXmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Akd420eFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Akd420eFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oFdMli2FL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oFdMli2FL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JqFshGFSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31JqFshGFSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21pwVNcc0bL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21pwVNcc0bL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31YmKqwhBDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31YmKqwhBDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21T%2BH7zHWuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21T%2BH7zHWuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VLSIoB7%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VLSIoB7%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11vVtV4LCVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11vVtV4LCVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NrpszFEvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NrpszFEvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41doPtoX%2BGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41doPtoX%2BGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ic7rIS5iL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ic7rIS5iL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51J1hVwIzxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51J1hVwIzxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:4539 - 69.901208162308 - 0.76238417625427
dbtime:120027 - 36.418503284454 - 0.37069773674011 - 1283
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iHduVtEbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31iHduVtEbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41A9UwtK7lL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41A9UwtK7lL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pUi1o4FxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31pUi1o4FxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41c2FetVnpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41c2FetVnpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31e9vvLZK1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31e9vvLZK1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qv9Hc2ZpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41qv9Hc2ZpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-34g8ZabL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-34g8ZabL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21c7pm62JuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21c7pm62JuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11pDrqlWdeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11pDrqlWdeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Lsyu6D1SL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Lsyu6D1SL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Aa0okRctL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Aa0okRctL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3194mD1ZfEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/3194mD1ZfEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51PlK1apnmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51PlK1apnmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41B57YvS9fL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41B57YvS9fL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/213uJMDUghL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/213uJMDUghL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oMLsP3HiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oMLsP3HiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nr2ItbrWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nr2ItbrWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NrpszFEvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31NrpszFEvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31lV%2Bc7xNOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31lV%2Bc7xNOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51SMyEw%2BzeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51SMyEw%2BzeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51J1hVwIzxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51J1hVwIzxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51uPQguJfHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51uPQguJfHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11SrvCnRneL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11SrvCnRneL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dhfdL3YIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dhfdL3YIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21VnYlrq6HL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21VnYlrq6HL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21UDV6jbpyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21UDV6jbpyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Su-fYazzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Su-fYazzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FBrs59O2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FBrs59O2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZG8puVFoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZG8puVFoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11UgvAiwghL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11UgvAiwghL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xDuo4On7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xDuo4On7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21k9MLsYvrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21k9MLsYvrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41groztCz9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41groztCz9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VLSIoB7%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VLSIoB7%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317MuF1My%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/317MuF1My%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21yMTHRLC4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21yMTHRLC4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sowp91kcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sowp91kcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21rG1clnM2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21rG1clnM2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sc8YEUNAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sc8YEUNAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413B6UTV-gL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413B6UTV-gL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41L0CkD0zGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41L0CkD0zGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:4590 - 70.767741203308 - 0.86642003059387
dbtime:121331 - 36.902250528336 - 0.48374724388123 - 1304
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MwvyKYZkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MwvyKYZkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41A3fTfHBLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41A3fTfHBLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rAKK4Z9kL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rAKK4Z9kL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410%2B%2BVNr2qL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410%2B%2BVNr2qL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Hr3PNfPnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Hr3PNfPnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BiTNKd1tL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41%2BiTNKd1tL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oSdjLXoIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oSdjLXoIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Owb06q-xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Owb06q-xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21ZdsS2zZwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21ZdsS2zZwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41r8FTt-zJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41r8FTt-zJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZZl6%2BMabL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZZl6%2BMabL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BIyAw3FmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BIyAw3FmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319v%2BN9wONL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/319v%2BN9wONL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419hOXu-ExL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419hOXu-ExL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ZAM3lKq8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ZAM3lKq8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-EOrSZ0%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-EOrSZ0%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21yxsfsGquL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21yxsfsGquL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tyVMHqH5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tyVMHqH5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41J1lqhx91L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41J1lqhx91L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41V6lAIvxJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41V6lAIvxJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oWZ-mSpsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oWZ-mSpsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11SlQY3aiBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/11SlQY3aiBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tcluiaV%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tcluiaV%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21EAw6LDk7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21EAw6LDk7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51s-Es2kAhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51s-Es2kAhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CUssyOMoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41CUssyOMoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YYh5jenmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YYh5jenmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SiX7mBalL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SiX7mBalL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tuuVnZ1TL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tuuVnZ1TL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Fiz1u7C0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Fiz1u7C0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31OhJrtCSCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31OhJrtCSCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gCalSRruL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41gCalSRruL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21sjwOV0mdL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21sjwOV0mdL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qCfaHxo3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qCfaHxo3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51r%2BZ5X9z-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51r%2BZ5X9z-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31dxEgxK5gL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31dxEgxK5gL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zZ-3vWGRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zZ-3vWGRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41T4ZYnnioL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41T4ZYnnioL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MhWm4cBGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MhWm4cBGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51PHrWzpRXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51PHrWzpRXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-B4-QOFaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-B4-QOFaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eb9p6itSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41eb9p6itSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UHGOrD%2BXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UHGOrD%2BXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RnP6y8mEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RnP6y8mEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21aLRmP25xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21aLRmP25xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Z25CPRWgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Z25CPRWgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PJ-amSkYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PJ-amSkYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318jrIZPluL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/318jrIZPluL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/1196BIEU88L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/1196BIEU88L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41u9HV3N5TL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41u9HV3N5TL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Q7YGmhe-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Q7YGmhe-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:4641 - 71.493000984192 - 0.72517800331116
dbtime:122606 - 37.270926952362 - 0.36867642402649 - 1275
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PpanuBtPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41PpanuBtPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31AHw27SlYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31AHw27SlYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51UhhjJNQoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51UhhjJNQoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zMK1aGxYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zMK1aGxYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zKj-HKR-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31zKj-HKR-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21IVeRjsZBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21IVeRjsZBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41edySplJ2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41edySplJ2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312%2BxsPKA3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312%2BxsPKA3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310QEiaY8HL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/310QEiaY8HL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-vWUGEZDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-vWUGEZDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QJqFS1YrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QJqFS1YrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21a7bSiMKsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21a7bSiMKsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41r%2BRT6mCXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41r%2BRT6mCXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XEWWs0SGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XEWWs0SGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410e4FJQuFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410e4FJQuFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GKJ7MPNQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GKJ7MPNQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IcygcPVmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41IcygcPVmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41E8u%2B4XgzL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41E8u%2B4XgzL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31DpgPgiiVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31DpgPgiiVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NPegiPJ-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NPegiPJ-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sdSVIRn%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41sdSVIRn%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51fGh0GGAQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51fGh0GGAQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ZAM3lKq8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ZAM3lKq8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417GHTzowhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417GHTzowhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51IbSmcnlrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51IbSmcnlrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NAKt%2BmfxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41NAKt%2BmfxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-SWlc495L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31-SWlc495L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51fSrCqAeqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51fSrCqAeqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/519PnFd-j8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/519PnFd-j8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41apn1R3z4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41apn1R3z4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-bLi2UVnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-bLi2UVnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419wMl7AdfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419wMl7AdfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kv-B0wK2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kv-B0wK2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Ix2f5ZcHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Ix2f5ZcHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FlIxe1vLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FlIxe1vLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51b3LrAEt6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51b3LrAEt6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415RyBzdqhL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415RyBzdqhL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jFHdRk4XL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51jFHdRk4XL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41T57Gf6hGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41T57Gf6hGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vfqbGt5gL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vfqbGt5gL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417lQihm0%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417lQihm0%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412Nl1q6ZBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/412Nl1q6ZBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:4692 - 72.290197134018 - 0.79707908630371
dbtime:123917 - 37.660549640656 - 0.38962268829346 - 1311
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iNDKVoIGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41iNDKVoIGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4146duIflkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4146duIflkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51f%2Bpz1GPQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51f%2Bpz1GPQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31x6mRXDrtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31x6mRXDrtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-V4mg-miL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41-V4mg-miL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21onFnAytKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21onFnAytKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZSErimrLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZSErimrLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nWb-1Av1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41nWb-1Av1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21WfRL%2BtRHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21WfRL%2BtRHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wqkfe9X%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31wqkfe9X%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dl0ZgSViL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dl0ZgSViL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JE0TFmybL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JE0TFmybL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31u1JmdjRWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31u1JmdjRWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41x6fMRRHPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41x6fMRRHPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4173WngJMbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4173WngJMbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SQuGKeEPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41SQuGKeEPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31OgzEQZp%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31OgzEQZp%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41w3F4AHYcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41w3F4AHYcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51FyohKJO3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51FyohKJO3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ALSc%2BkqCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ALSc%2BkqCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VtN0vXwML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VtN0vXwML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ciF-aBQpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ciF-aBQpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4123AnG0UVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4123AnG0UVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FZ--bUisL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FZ--bUisL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51tVb%2BqQGKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51tVb%2BqQGKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vPkN0QhAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vPkN0QhAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51D9oeii3TL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51D9oeii3TL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ggN309ZRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ggN309ZRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RF%2B5Brh%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RF%2B5Brh%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q8mpykokL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q8mpykokL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/517nLGjiMJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/517nLGjiMJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413-KOlCQ5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413-KOlCQ5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qRApNUvRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qRApNUvRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bcSVnZUrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bcSVnZUrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FaT4s6VSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FaT4s6VSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51c6owT%2BmLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51c6owT%2BmLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51iR8Ji%2BvEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51iR8Ji%2BvEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413xPaAY%2BBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413xPaAY%2BBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41J%2B1AhvMVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41J%2B1AhvMVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51B1V98WlIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51B1V98WlIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51RyG4dj-LL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51RyG4dj-LL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Ggqq%2BaqxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Ggqq%2BaqxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YHuSJBEEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YHuSJBEEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Nou1XI1qL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Nou1XI1qL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zyYi9ZnkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zyYi9ZnkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tdNHDhsCL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tdNHDhsCL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31l65WdrVEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31l65WdrVEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417GqRrG2%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417GqRrG2%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Mirw9%2BFvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Mirw9%2BFvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51BNGhWpvFL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51BNGhWpvFL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:4743 - 73.180260181427 - 0.88998198509216
dbtime:125194 - 38.136770963669 - 0.47622132301331 - 1277
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414Rw%2BXDaPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414Rw%2BXDaPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VZFaPa4BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41VZFaPa4BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QOSdI4KwL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QOSdI4KwL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31DoSPAaJ0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31DoSPAaJ0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51xeaOgocfL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51xeaOgocfL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ALtn-2EEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ALtn-2EEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51bhl4dLjIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51bhl4dLjIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51qcEy-3yvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51qcEy-3yvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41k90EmmvmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41k90EmmvmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416ZMVlCy1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/416ZMVlCy1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LW8I9hwgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LW8I9hwgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MhvLDdLUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31MhvLDdLUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EZPp9G4kL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41EZPp9G4kL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51cHRsko5VL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51cHRsko5VL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31w9Nk%2Bh7UL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31w9Nk%2Bh7UL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41seH839EXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41seH839EXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414ZgJ4KavL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/414ZgJ4KavL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51TJvqnb4TL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51TJvqnb4TL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51I%2BEuARZkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51I%2BEuARZkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qOmobPj6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31qOmobPj6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UNdg3uKpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UNdg3uKpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YoG3ZETlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41YoG3ZETlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410-yggeujL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410-yggeujL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41u2Dae5aeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41u2Dae5aeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41THOk8s52L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41THOk8s52L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5102gxZU5kL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5102gxZU5kL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/510Pk07lgyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/510Pk07lgyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uNzmuQo%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41uNzmuQo%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ExgpV3IML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ExgpV3IML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Gbpzfiz5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Gbpzfiz5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51XquEWF0AL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51XquEWF0AL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fm3Ld%2BoxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41fm3Ld%2BoxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/611O750vi8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/611O750vi8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DajL9HOAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41DajL9HOAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417kwRLs7TL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417kwRLs7TL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yQEKEVQQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yQEKEVQQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QZz1VseLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QZz1VseLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ZbvbgmLRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ZbvbgmLRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kcdfO79CL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kcdfO79CL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51%2B4AJjtHWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51%2B4AJjtHWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ijX8TO7%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ijX8TO7%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RYzv1e0ZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RYzv1e0ZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41j6mpwUxjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41j6mpwUxjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RbjrnIkuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41RbjrnIkuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41auaE3PPKL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41auaE3PPKL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Ro8NEhXJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Ro8NEhXJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/516rIf61DkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/516rIf61DkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41noDLIycSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41noDLIycSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51O04ROQgpL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51O04ROQgpL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:4794 - 73.971372127533 - 0.79103112220764
dbtime:126495 - 38.536995410919 - 0.40022444725037 - 1301
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kGk2FRSuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kGk2FRSuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417oovpS8XL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417oovpS8XL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TMFKDOUcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TMFKDOUcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51wvUCi3e%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51wvUCi3e%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rR6vEtruL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41rR6vEtruL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kVF4O7PSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kVF4O7PSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41j-61FOmEL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41j-61FOmEL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41u2VmK8AGL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41u2VmK8AGL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KISzAri4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KISzAri4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21-KO42OR-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21-KO42OR-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21msFIamb5L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21msFIamb5L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zYpzFg4xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zYpzFg4xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QLfW34XBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QLfW34XBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BKCU1s%2BPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BKCU1s%2BPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LfoEiiRIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41LfoEiiRIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51wGQV%2BX9PL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51wGQV%2BX9PL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TUXI1oYOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41TUXI1oYOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/513wnA7FHrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/513wnA7FHrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51mqCDQnneL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51mqCDQnneL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/218SAol48zL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/218SAol48zL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HDtGHFhsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41HDtGHFhsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dxplQIUZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dxplQIUZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51EZ2jVftUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51EZ2jVftUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41N7fQ78XrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41N7fQ78XrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51mT0scZWJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51mT0scZWJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21zDswEU-NL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21zDswEU-NL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51U%2BGKNE8hL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51U%2BGKNE8hL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ckrYNAY2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ckrYNAY2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415BpSphS3L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/415BpSphS3L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41S7dNMEi%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41S7dNMEi%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41D1keNxhPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41D1keNxhPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KWaLyXCAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41KWaLyXCAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Cb6pG4k7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Cb6pG4k7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21nW6syoUrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21nW6syoUrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61T7iMAGhLL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/61T7iMAGhLL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41t3vd1vHHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41t3vd1vHHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UiGCFqJkL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UiGCFqJkL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51a2UhFYuML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51a2UhFYuML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Pq9CYA08L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Pq9CYA08L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ieJ3NQjqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ieJ3NQjqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31k5DmfyjWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31k5DmfyjWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21mf4EP0-8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21mf4EP0-8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wph8ZsiWL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41wph8ZsiWL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:4845 - 74.737889051437 - 0.76643586158752
dbtime:127857 - 38.924402475357 - 0.38740706443787 - 1362
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XhbBZp2uL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41XhbBZp2uL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bfUCqMFJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31bfUCqMFJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QaPHo3CrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51QaPHo3CrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zfZP2zQQL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zfZP2zQQL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51qQQKfuYyL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51qQQKfuYyL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51nT7FqI0KL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51nT7FqI0KL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51UkubWdowL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51UkubWdowL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kgtk0hEBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kgtk0hEBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zthaZdqIL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41zthaZdqIL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413Lri6%2BgjL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413Lri6%2BgjL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QLfW34XBL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41QLfW34XBL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51mqCDQnneL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51mqCDQnneL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ICQehO1PL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51ICQehO1PL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ITouEvESL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ITouEvESL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41chACJ4g2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41chACJ4g2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ILDmh%2B9DL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ILDmh%2B9DL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Cyne2e-RL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Cyne2e-RL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51md9iW6smL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51md9iW6smL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kVF4O7PSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41kVF4O7PSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31F8qlGIfRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31F8qlGIfRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21aYIQCJjiL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21aYIQCJjiL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31svXbcMvbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31svXbcMvbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dxplQIUZL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dxplQIUZL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Hlne%2BaZXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Hlne%2BaZXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51HMWXKtWoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51HMWXKtWoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51D0BtAUi1L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51D0BtAUi1L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51%2BlZbL7vgL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51%2BlZbL7vgL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Yt%2BPfsYML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41Yt%2BPfsYML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51abpXigsRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51abpXigsRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FAfb8tfcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31FAfb8tfcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FKm0FX1iL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41FKm0FX1iL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41paHYNU%2BRL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41paHYNU%2BRL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51h0NT4BxsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51h0NT4BxsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/213uYMET-GL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/213uYMET-GL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21wUC00Y8bL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21wUC00Y8bL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tetpivBuL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tetpivBuL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Vem9CSvOL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31Vem9CSvOL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411kwEkDSvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411kwEkDSvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UpTFK6XmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41UpTFK6XmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bTUg-DvmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bTUg-DvmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vMqZLnZSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31vMqZLnZSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rgy8hkU8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rgy8hkU8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31DurAxmNoL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31DurAxmNoL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51dHRNJQ6aL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51dHRNJQ6aL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:4896 - 75.530616998672 - 0.79264903068542
dbtime:129180 - 39.332186222076 - 0.40778374671936 - 1323
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51H60U5znNL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51H60U5znNL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21C8hILLJbL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21C8hILLJbL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51EJTmJZ78L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51EJTmJZ78L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312CEZSF1xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/312CEZSF1xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41h384cNEtL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41h384cNEtL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bTUg-DvmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41bTUg-DvmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31HxWYKk0rL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31HxWYKk0rL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JRLdATWXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JRLdATWXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Xoha7Si6L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51Xoha7Si6L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51V7DsFIdJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51V7DsFIdJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cFjXp--PL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41cFjXp--PL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31VU7tNK7FL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31VU7tNK7FL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dHVYg%2BryL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41dHVYg%2BryL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419XY3pA5vL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/419XY3pA5vL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51YkdRDU5WL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51YkdRDU5WL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4154bUJMwcL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4154bUJMwcL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4144IA5Gj-L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/4144IA5Gj-L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ISugxlJlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ISugxlJlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q9NsYsUAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41q9NsYsUAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oN2TMHgUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41oN2TMHgUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xCnNhxCrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41xCnNhxCrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41acBawe4qL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41acBawe4qL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51M4WlVUSnL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51M4WlVUSnL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41S8YcRXGML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41S8YcRXGML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/512XJQLte7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/512XJQLte7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZHNw0b18L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41ZHNw0b18L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41O3DqJ7UYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41O3DqJ7UYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41t5BUpeNlL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41t5BUpeNlL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51x0lhD7CeL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51x0lhD7CeL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AWqv331wL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41AWqv331wL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51AcUQcXO2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51AcUQcXO2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41V8fTPe0TL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41V8fTPe0TL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51%2BQX9UFpYL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51%2BQX9UFpYL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51xeTkJ0S9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51xeTkJ0S9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vufcc0sxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41vufcc0sxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fEvJKwHHL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fEvJKwHHL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21WeLdDC%2B4L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/21WeLdDC%2B4L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417eRAC4gVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/417eRAC4gVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31BI5F3--xL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31BI5F3--xL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31DBlEChnrL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31DBlEChnrL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51KHCtyrHXL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51KHCtyrHXL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51uT3hqoPPL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51uT3hqoPPL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41U636zMj9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41U636zMj9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BwQAjm0FL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41BwQAjm0FL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411spJ8x86L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/411spJ8x86L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5172791IAaL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5172791IAaL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413h792WoAL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413h792WoAL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/514IpuOAFmL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/514IpuOAFmL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:4947 - 76.321357011795 - 0.7906219959259
dbtime:130478 - 39.743386983871 - 0.41120076179504 - 1298
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41J-tIm306L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41J-tIm306L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51IRaew-T8L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51IRaew-T8L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5110AHvoZ0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5110AHvoZ0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410JuByKC7L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/410JuByKC7L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51rpBn-km%2BL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51rpBn-km%2BL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tlI4amRqL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41tlI4amRqL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GUGTMH3jL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41GUGTMH3jL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rkMaHwrJL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31rkMaHwrJL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MR34x8prL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41MR34x8prL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yZhD5az0L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41yZhD5az0L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41s0eGmZLDL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41s0eGmZLDL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KhZYJ4yvL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31KhZYJ4yvL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413F--CX7NL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/413F--CX7NL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WhgGlKO2L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41WhgGlKO2L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/610JbdMATUL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/610JbdMATUL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41e6pQ8zoSL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41e6pQ8zoSL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fvxh9BAsL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/31fvxh9BAsL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41U636zMj9L_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41U636zMj9L._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51OMFHcMAVL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51OMFHcMAVL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51eR8EZQcML_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/51eR8EZQcML._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5118B-RxISL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/5118B-RxISL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JufkCMFxL_liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
plugin;ImageAttributeItemProcessor;warning:Image attributes processor v1.0.29 - /opt/bitnami/apps/magento/htdocs/amazon_import_products/liki_img/cache/41JufkCMFxL._SL160__liki.jpg cannot be found in images path
itime:4998 - 77.246462106705 - 0.92498993873596
dbtime:132117 - 40.230119466782 - 0.48673248291016 - 1639
itime:5049 - 78.15603017807 - 0.9094831943512
dbtime:134036 - 40.714225292206 - 0.48410582542419 - 1919
itime:5100 - 78.984711170197 - 0.82859706878662
dbtime:135944 - 41.132421255112 - 0.41819596290588 - 1908
itime:5151 - 80.008852005005 - 1.0240550041199
dbtime:137831 - 41.701967716217 - 0.56954646110535 - 1887
itime:5202 - 81.062355041504 - 1.0534150600433
dbtime:139723 - 42.264979600906 - 0.56301188468933 - 1892
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 5250 , wrong column number : 49 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 5286 , wrong column number : 49 found over 48, line skipped
itime:5253 - 82.204644203186 - 1.142195224762
dbtime:141618 - 42.850739955902 - 0.58576035499573 - 1895
itime:5304 - 83.30316400528 - 1.0983798503876
dbtime:143510 - 43.447038412094 - 0.59629845619202 - 1892
itime:5355 - 84.332314014435 - 1.0290310382843
dbtime:145402 - 44.010059833527 - 0.5630214214325 - 1892
itime:5406 - 85.385452032089 - 1.0530128479004
dbtime:147296 - 44.577610015869 - 0.56755018234253 - 1894
itime:5457 - 86.497232198715 - 1.1116590499878
dbtime:149193 - 45.19535279274 - 0.61774277687073 - 1897
itime:5508 - 87.505858182907 - 1.0085170269012
dbtime:151106 - 45.723627090454 - 0.52827429771423 - 1913
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 5578 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
itime:5559 - 88.54124212265 - 1.0345160961151
dbtime:153008 - 46.300012350082 - 0.5763852596283 - 1902
itime:5610 - 89.679853200912 - 1.1385250091553
dbtime:154916 - 46.945836305618 - 0.64582395553589 - 1908
itime:5661 - 90.765022039413 - 1.0850808620453
dbtime:156842 - 47.585852146149 - 0.6400158405304 - 1926
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 5726 , wrong column number : 49 found over 48, line skipped
itime:5712 - 91.830137968063 - 1.065025806427
dbtime:158752 - 48.184285640717 - 0.59843349456787 - 1910
itime:5763 - 92.823574066162 - 0.9933168888092
dbtime:160655 - 48.715564250946 - 0.53127861022949 - 1903
itime:5814 - 93.669080018997 - 0.84542083740234
dbtime:162552 - 49.15491604805 - 0.43935179710388 - 1897
itime:5865 - 94.518815994263 - 0.84965085983276
dbtime:164462 - 49.600390911102 - 0.44547486305237 - 1910
itime:5916 - 95.369413137436 - 0.85051298141479
dbtime:166360 - 50.075141429901 - 0.47475051879883 - 1898
itime:5967 - 96.217531204224 - 0.84803318977356
dbtime:168254 - 50.521657705307 - 0.44651627540588 - 1894
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 6027 , wrong column number : 52 found over 48, line skipped
itime:6018 - 97.077846050262 - 0.86022901535034
dbtime:170171 - 50.964486837387 - 0.44282913208008 - 1917
itime:6069 - 97.948328971863 - 0.87039685249329
dbtime:172098 - 51.44803071022 - 0.48354387283325 - 1927
itime:6120 - 98.809863090515 - 0.86144804954529
dbtime:174020 - 51.894134998322 - 0.4461042881012 - 1922
itime:6171 - 99.747559070587 - 0.93760800361633
dbtime:175952 - 52.447695970535 - 0.55356097221375 - 1932
itime:6222 - 100.61400914192 - 0.86635994911194
dbtime:177858 - 52.902055025101 - 0.45435905456543 - 1906
itime:6273 - 101.51828098297 - 0.90418386459351
dbtime:179757 - 53.406804561615 - 0.50474953651428 - 1899
itime:6324 - 102.33263111115 - 0.81426191329956
dbtime:181655 - 53.822675704956 - 0.41587114334106 - 1898
itime:6375 - 103.22611308098 - 0.8933789730072
dbtime:183581 - 54.277899742126 - 0.45522403717041 - 1926
itime:6426 - 104.09094715118 - 0.86474204063416
dbtime:185496 - 54.727863788605 - 0.44996404647827 - 1915
itime:6477 - 104.95646309853 - 0.86542892456055
dbtime:187390 - 55.145501613617 - 0.41763782501221 - 1894
itime:6528 - 105.81040596962 - 0.85385084152222
dbtime:189281 - 55.583177804947 - 0.43767619132996 - 1891
itime:6579 - 106.67503809929 - 0.86454010009766
dbtime:191174 - 56.037452697754 - 0.45427489280701 - 1893
itime:6630 - 107.54776120186 - 0.87263321876526
dbtime:193070 - 56.52295923233 - 0.48550653457642 - 1896
itime:6681 - 108.41220116615 - 0.86435317993164
dbtime:194963 - 56.973785638809 - 0.45082640647888 - 1893
itime:6732 - 109.39327311516 - 0.98097896575928
dbtime:196857 - 57.546994924545 - 0.57320928573608 - 1894
itime:6783 - 110.32778596878 - 0.93442583084106
dbtime:198758 - 58.076446533203 - 0.52945160865784 - 1901
itime:6834 - 111.32279801369 - 0.9949209690094
dbtime:200661 - 58.606711864471 - 0.53026533126831 - 1903
itime:6885 - 112.35247397423 - 1.0295867919922
dbtime:202570 - 59.160371303558 - 0.55365943908691 - 1909
itime:6936 - 113.34962201118 - 0.99705600738525
dbtime:204457 - 59.696215867996 - 0.53584456443787 - 1887
itime:6987 - 114.39588713646 - 1.0461440086365
dbtime:206346 - 60.248433351517 - 0.55221748352051 - 1889
itime:7038 - 115.38728809357 - 0.99130296707153
dbtime:208238 - 60.761566638947 - 0.51313328742981 - 1892
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 7107 , wrong column number : 49 found over 48, line skipped
itime:7089 - 116.3891119957 - 1.0017368793488
dbtime:210137 - 61.299531936646 - 0.53796529769897 - 1899
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 7132 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 7134 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 7135 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 7136 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 7137 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
itime:7140 - 117.42626714706 - 1.0370671749115
dbtime:212037 - 61.844510555267 - 0.54497861862183 - 1900
itime:7191 - 118.4300661087 - 1.0037109851837
dbtime:213950 - 62.376035451889 - 0.5315248966217 - 1913
itime:7242 - 119.48063611984 - 1.0504839420319
dbtime:215877 - 62.921951293945 - 0.54591584205627 - 1927
itime:7293 - 120.5909280777 - 1.1101870536804
dbtime:217796 - 63.565939664841 - 0.64398837089539 - 1919
itime:7344 - 121.59410119057 - 1.0030710697174
dbtime:219702 - 64.095025062561 - 0.52908539772034 - 1906
itime:7395 - 122.5924911499 - 0.99826598167419
dbtime:221590 - 64.630061388016 - 0.53503632545471 - 1888
itime:7446 - 123.65279507637 - 1.0602169036865
dbtime:223486 - 65.189720630646 - 0.55965924263 - 1896
itime:7497 - 124.71219015121 - 1.059308052063
dbtime:225386 - 65.748906850815 - 0.55918622016907 - 1900
itime:7548 - 125.8351290226 - 1.1228539943695
dbtime:227299 - 66.390762090683 - 0.64185523986816 - 1913
itime:7599 - 126.94762897491 - 1.1123960018158
dbtime:229214 - 67.023411273956 - 0.63264918327332 - 1915
itime:7650 - 127.9269361496 - 0.97922015190125
dbtime:231106 - 67.544529914856 - 0.52111864089966 - 1892
itime:7701 - 129.00110507011 - 1.0740420818329
dbtime:232999 - 68.150997638702 - 0.60646772384644 - 1893
itime:7752 - 129.98459100723 - 0.9833619594574
dbtime:234886 - 68.667396783829 - 0.51639914512634 - 1887
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 7814 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
itime:7803 - 131.11454701424 - 1.1298158168793
dbtime:236786 - 69.308514356613 - 0.64111757278442 - 1900
itime:7854 - 132.18002104759 - 1.0653529167175
dbtime:238706 - 69.895655155182 - 0.58714079856873 - 1920
itime:7905 - 133.2210021019 - 1.0408930778503
dbtime:240618 - 70.474798202515 - 0.57914304733276 - 1912
itime:7956 - 134.26504015923 - 1.0439159870148
dbtime:242513 - 71.055826663971 - 0.5810284614563 - 1895
itime:8007 - 135.31486916542 - 1.0497369766235
dbtime:244402 - 71.63329076767 - 0.57746410369873 - 1889
itime:8058 - 136.3619260788 - 1.0469660758972
dbtime:246296 - 72.217124700546 - 0.58383393287659 - 1894
itime:8109 - 137.36601305008 - 1.0039989948273
dbtime:248184 - 72.753478050232 - 0.53635334968567 - 1888
itime:8160 - 138.34107208252 - 0.97493410110474
dbtime:250072 - 73.264127492905 - 0.51064944267273 - 1888
itime:8211 - 139.31338405609 - 0.97222304344177
dbtime:251962 - 73.802506923676 - 0.53837943077087 - 1890
itime:8262 - 140.15759420395 - 0.84412002563477
dbtime:253852 - 74.222881555557 - 0.42037463188171 - 1890
itime:8313 - 141.00553607941 - 0.84785389900208
dbtime:255746 - 74.655366420746 - 0.4324848651886 - 1894
itime:8364 - 141.90495419502 - 0.89933013916016
dbtime:257643 - 75.141480445862 - 0.48611402511597 - 1897
itime:8415 - 142.81893610954 - 0.91389513015747
dbtime:259530 - 75.620758056641 - 0.47927761077881 - 1887
itime:8466 - 143.72970318794 - 0.9106810092926
dbtime:261420 - 76.080184221268 - 0.45942616462708 - 1890
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 8520 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
itime:8517 - 144.75283908844 - 1.0230469703674
dbtime:263311 - 76.67632651329 - 0.59614229202271 - 1891
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 8580 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 8588 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
itime:8568 - 145.76738405228 - 1.0144598484039
dbtime:265198 - 77.234806776047 - 0.55848026275635 - 1887
itime:8619 - 146.64373707771 - 0.8762629032135
dbtime:267085 - 77.683445215225 - 0.44863843917847 - 1887
itime:8670 - 147.46345305443 - 0.81963086128235
dbtime:268977 - 78.104710817337 - 0.42126560211182 - 1892
itime:8721 - 148.33328199387 - 0.86974382400513
dbtime:270870 - 78.548622131348 - 0.44391131401062 - 1893
itime:8772 - 149.25550913811 - 0.92214298248291
dbtime:272767 - 79.057497024536 - 0.50887489318848 - 1897
itime:8823 - 150.09475016594 - 0.83915710449219
dbtime:274672 - 79.473788261414 - 0.41629123687744 - 1905
itime:8874 - 150.93811011314 - 0.84327602386475
dbtime:276567 - 79.912202835083 - 0.43841457366943 - 1895
itime:8925 - 151.85457015038 - 0.9163761138916
dbtime:278463 - 80.392395019531 - 0.48019218444824 - 1896
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 9017 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
itime:8976 - 152.78606915474 - 0.93141317367554
dbtime:280350 - 80.881454944611 - 0.48905992507935 - 1887
itime:9027 - 153.7703139782 - 0.98416185379028
dbtime:282242 - 81.431607484818 - 0.55015254020691 - 1892
itime:9078 - 154.64514708519 - 0.87474608421326
dbtime:284161 - 81.845997333527 - 0.41438984870911 - 1919
itime:9129 - 155.51098799706 - 0.86575698852539
dbtime:286048 - 82.297604560852 - 0.45160722732544 - 1887
itime:9180 - 156.35747003555 - 0.84639501571655
dbtime:287936 - 82.730634212494 - 0.43302965164185 - 1888
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 9242 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 9273 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
itime:9231 - 157.26392197609 - 0.90636587142944
dbtime:289826 - 83.199276208878 - 0.46864199638367 - 1890
itime:9282 - 158.20331907272 - 0.93928098678589
dbtime:291719 - 83.692981958389 - 0.49370574951172 - 1893
itime:9333 - 159.09449100494 - 0.89108681678772
dbtime:293617 - 84.116491317749 - 0.42350935935974 - 1898
itime:9384 - 159.94767618179 - 0.85309910774231
dbtime:295517 - 84.545063734055 - 0.42857241630554 - 1900
itime:9435 - 160.74382209778 - 0.79606294631958
dbtime:297406 - 84.948093175888 - 0.4030294418335 - 1889
itime:9486 - 161.60681414604 - 0.86290597915649
dbtime:299309 - 85.39500951767 - 0.44691634178162 - 1903
itime:9537 - 162.4598531723 - 0.85295510292053
dbtime:301204 - 85.836070537567 - 0.44106101989746 - 1895
itime:9588 - 163.28036999702 - 0.82043194770813
dbtime:303093 - 86.260398864746 - 0.42432832717896 - 1889
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 9668 , wrong column number : 46 found over 48, line skipped
itime:9639 - 164.20739507675 - 0.92693996429443
dbtime:304980 - 86.760392665863 - 0.49999380111694 - 1887
itime:9690 - 165.17060899734 - 0.96312999725342
dbtime:306869 - 87.312086582184 - 0.5516939163208 - 1889
itime:9741 - 165.94267416 - 0.77197813987732
dbtime:308768 - 87.704345226288 - 0.392258644104 - 1899
itime:9792 - 166.81628298759 - 0.8735249042511
dbtime:310655 - 88.123694658279 - 0.41934943199158 - 1887
itime:9843 - 167.74741101265 - 0.93104290962219
dbtime:312543 - 88.626960277557 - 0.50326561927795 - 1888
plugin;Magmi_CSVDataSource;warning:CSV Datasource v1.3.1 - warning: line 9945 , wrong column number : 50 found over 48, line skipped
itime:9894 - 168.57750606537 - 0.83000898361206
dbtime:314433 - 89.059103250504 - 0.43214297294617 - 1890
itime:9945 - 169.43308997154 - 0.8555018901825
dbtime:316325 - 89.492326259613 - 0.4332230091095 - 1892
itime:9949 - 169.63117599487 - 0.1979968547821
dbtime:316513 - 89.652730226517 - 0.16040396690369 - 188
info:Skus imported OK:9949/9949
plugin;EmailReportPlugin;info:Import Report Mail Notifier v1.0.0 - Sending report to : upinder@essitco.com
plugin;EmailReportPlugin;error:Import Report Mail Notifier v1.0.0 - Cannot send email
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - Cleaning flat tables before reindex...
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - running indexer
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - Reindexing catalog_product_attribute....
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - Product Attributes index was rebuilt successfully<br>
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - done in 4.48 secs
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - Reindexing catalog_product_price....
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - Product Prices index was rebuilt successfully<br>
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - done in 38.16 secs
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - Reindexing catalog_product_flat....
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - Product Flat Data index was rebuilt successfully<br>
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - done in 23.19 secs
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - Reindexing catalog_category_flat....
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - Category Flat Data index was rebuilt successfully<br>
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - done in 0.66 secs
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - Reindexing catalog_category_product....
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - Category Products index was rebuilt successfully<br>
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - done in 5.52 secs
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - Reindexing cataloginventory_stock....
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - Stock Status index was rebuilt successfully<br>
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - done in 2.06 secs
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - Reindexing catalog_url....
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - Catalog URL Rewrites index was rebuilt successfully<br>
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - done in 67.15 secs
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - Reindexing catalogsearch_fulltext....
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - Catalog Search Index index was rebuilt successfully<br>
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - done in 26.9 secs
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - Reindexing tag_summary....
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - Tag Aggregation Data index was rebuilt successfully<br>
plugin;Magmi_ReindexingPlugin;info:Magmi Magento Reindexer v1.0.3a - done in 0.83 secs
end:Import Ended
